Senator Abdulfatai Buhari (APC-Oyo North) and Senator Teslim Folarin (APC-Oyo Central) on Friday praised the legendary achievements of former Governor Abiola Ajimobi . The duo, in separate statements to Ibadan on Friday, said the legendary achievements of the late Ajimobi remained indelible in the hearts of all. The Nigerian News Agency (NAN) recalls that the former governor who passed away on June 25, 2020 as a result of reported complications resulting from a COVID-19 infection. The late Ajimobi, who died at the age of 70, was the first civilian governor to rule Oyo State for two unprecedented terms. NAN reports that the late Ajimobi until his death was Aare from Ibadanland and National Vice President (South) of the APC. Folarin, chairman of the Senate Local Content Committee, said the legendary achievements of the late Ajimobi as a public administrator remained indelible after his passing. “However, it has been just over a year since a great icon left this world, former Governor Abiola Ajimobi still lives because his good legacies are visible to the blind and audible to the deaf. “A year without my very caring first cousin, political leader and benefactor is difficult and unimaginable. Although Ajimobi is no more, his legendary achievements as a public administrator endure. “I missed Egbon for his extraordinary intelligence and the sincerity of his intentions. When it came to telling the truth, he didn’t care which ox got gored, ”he said. Folarin said it would be very difficult to match Ajimobi’s records as governor, as his achievements undoubtedly and universally recognized him as the architect of the modern state of Oyo. The lawmaker also described the late Ajimobi as a man of quality ideas and quick thinking, however complex the situation. “Ajimobi’s friends and foes know he was a powerful strategist with great intelligence and able to read situations. “Love him or hate him, he was fearless in the face of tough decisions with a focus on excellence and best practices,” he said. Folarin recalled that he had a very strong collaboration with him to fight, defend and protect the popular interests of the people of Oyo State in the Red Chamber. “Due to its immense contributions to the Sacred Chamber, the Nigerian Senate set aside a day last year to honor our distinguished late colleague, Senator Ajimobi. “Sen. Ajimobi has served Oyo State and Nigeria with dedication, humility and honor, first as a Distinguished Senator, the Governor of Oyo State to two unprecedented terms. “He was the National Vice President (South), doubled as the Interim National President of our great party, the All Progressives Congress (APC),” he said. Lawmakers said Ajimobi’s death robbed the progressive family of their eloquent and exemplary leader, saying they miss him dearly. “I salute our ousted leader for his quality service to Nigeria and to APC. We will forever remember Mr. Constituted Authority for his hard work, dedication and commitment, ”he said. Additionally, Buhari, chairman of the Senate Land Transport Committee, said the late Ajimobi remained unforgettable as a result of his accomplishments and legacy. He described him as the longest and most influential governor in the history of Oyo State, saying the people confirmed him. “We missed my boss, Chef Ajimobi. He managed both the human and material resources of the state for the best benefits, ”he said. Buhari said residents of the state now appreciate the late Ajimobi more for putting in place the best security system that has fostered peace and unity throughout his eight-year tenure. He said God had been so faithful to the family he left behind, adding that they were all doing wonderfully well. NAN