The Nigerian Meteorological Agency (NiMet) has predicted cloudiness and sunshine from Wednesday to Friday.  NiMet`s weather output released on Tuesday in Abuja predicted partly cloudy to sunny skies over the Northern region with chances of isolated thunderstorms over parts of Taraba State during the morning hours on Wednesday. According to NiMet, there are chances of thunderstorms over parts of Bauchi, Kano, Jigawa, Zamfara, Borno, Adamawa, Yobe, and Kaduna States during the afternoon and evening hours. “The Northcentral region is expected to be under cloudy skies with prospects of isolated thunderstorms over parts of Benue during the morning hours. “Later in the day, there are chances of isolated thunderstorms over parts of Plateau, Benue, Kwara, Kogi, Niger and FCT. Inland cities of the South are expected to be under cloudy skies in the morning hours. “There are chances of isolated thunderstorms over parts of Edo, Osun, Oyo and Imo state during the afternoon and evening hours,” it said. NiMET also forecast cloudy skies over the Coastal cities of the South with prospects of rain showers over parts of Bayelsa, Rivers and Akwa Ibom state in the morning. The agency envisaged chances of isolated thunderstorms over parts of Rivers, Cross River, Delta, Lagos and Akwa Ibom State during the afternoon and evening hours. Also partly cloudy to sunny skies are expected over the Northern region with chances of isolated thunderstorms over parts of Taraba state in the morning on Thursday. It anticipated prospects of thunderstorms over parts of Yobe, Gombe, Adamawa, Bauchi, Kano and Kaduna State later in the day. “Cloudy skies with intervals of sunshine are expected over the North central region with prospects of isolated thunderstorms over parts of Benue and Kogi in the morning. “There are chances of isolated thunderstorms over parts of Plateau, Kwara, Nasarawa, Niger and the FCT during the afternoon and evening hours. “Cloudy skies are anticipated over the Inland and the Coastal cities of the South with chances of rain showers over parts of Bayelsa during the morning hours,” it said. Isolated thunderstorms are expected over parts of Rivers, Akwa Ibom and Cross River state later in the day. Partly cloudy to sunny skies are expected over the Northern region on Friday with prospects of isolated thunderstorms over parts of Gombe and Taraba state in the morning. Chances of thunderstorms are predicted over parts of Adamawa, Zamfara, Kano, Bauchi, Yobe, Jigawa, Kaduna and Taraba state during the afternoon and evening period. Cloudy skies with intervals of sunshine are anticipated over the Northcentral region with prospects of isolated thunderstorms over parts of Kogi and Benue state during the morning hours. Isolated thunderstorms are predicted over parts of the Kwara, Kogi, Plateau and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) later in the day. The Inland and the Coastal cities of the South, according to NiMET, are expected to be under cloudy atmosphere during the morning hours. The agency forecast prospects of isolated thunderstorms over parts of Ondo, Enugu, Osun, Ogun, Delta, Cross River, Rivers and Akwa Ibom state later in the day.