Malam Saliu Mustapha, former gubernatorial aspirant of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Kwara, has assured that the crisis rocking the state chapter of the party would be resolved.  Mustapha told newsmen on Tuesday in Ilorin that the crisis would be be resolved in a matter of weeks. He said that although the crisis started too early in the life of the APC administration, its resolution was not beyond the capacities of stakeholders to achieve. “The crisis stems from a battle of supremacy between two blocs. It was however heightened after the purported removal of Alhaji Bashir Bolarinwa, as the stste chairman of the party. “It is quite unfortunate that Kwara APC has to find itself in this kind of situation; it is uncalled for; it is unnecessary because it started way too early. “But it is understandable that in politics, there will always be a divergence of opinions, views and interests. “It is now a task for people like me to see that we reconcile everybody and find a solution to the crisis that has been rocking the party for the past two years,” said. The former governorship aspirant said that he would take the issue as a challenge to communicate with all stakeholders and return everyone on board in unity. “No doubt this is going to be a litmus test for my capacity and ability to manage crises in the party. “I believe that in the shortest time possible, I will be able to achieve this by sitting together with the governor and other stakeholders of the party in the state and find a lasting solution to the crisis. “The crisis is definitely not beyond our capacity to resolve and we shall resolve it without wasting time so that we are able to strategise together and win the next election in the state as overwhelmingly as we did in 2019,” he said. Mustapha added that beyond party lines, many see themselves as partners in progress and it was on this premise that the Kwara APC, irrespective of the crisis, have been contributing toward his emergence as the national chairman.