Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama has assured the African Union Commission (AUC) of the support of the Nigerian government.  Onyeama made this commitment when he received the Deputy Chairperson of AU Commission, Dr Monique Nsanzabaganwa, on Tuesday in Abuja The minister stated that Nigeria was a very passionate member of the AUC. Onyeama also assured Nsanzabaganwa that the country would also look at the AU treaties to ensure that some of the treaties that were yet to be ratified are ratified He said that the AUC could rely on Nigeria for 100 per cent support in terms of paying Nigeria’s contributions at the AU secretariat, amongst others. On recruitment at the AU Commission, Onyeama said that the country was very keen to get some Nigerians into a number of positions, and ensuring that Nigerians within the commission were moved up. “We will give you all the support necessary and wishing you a very good, happy successful tenure. “The Nigerian government would also take a look at the AU treaties that are yet to be ratified and ensure that they are ratified,” Onyeama said. Speaking, Nsanzabaganwa told Onyeama that the AUC was reforming for better service delivery. He said the Chairperson of AUC, Moussa Faki Mahamat, had always emphasised on a new Commission. Nsanzabaganwa stated that the essence of the reform was the delivering of responsible citizens, professionals and a new commission that was motivated by delivering tangible results. “So, there is a new vision, there is a new dawn, there is a new institutional reform that has taken place, which we are going to implement and it is in the spirit, it is in the letter. “And it is in the culture that we had to put in place, a new culture of really delivering responsible citizens, of professionals and a new commission that is really motivated by delivering tangible results,” Nsanzabaganwa said. Nsanzabaganwa further said that the AUC team had been working together, which was a fulfilment of the promise made on assumption of office. “So, we have been working together, we promised that we were really going to work together as a team and we think that as such, we are going to be able to deliver on the mandate,” Nsanzabaganwa also said. Nsanzabaganwa added that as the deputy chairperson in charge of finance and administration, she felt there were a lot to be done to ensure that the AU is efficient, and effectively, it is achieving and sustainable as an organisation. “That is where the biggest challenge is going to be and where member states are going to be supportive, so that we can rebalance the amount of activities and programmes we want to run. “And also, the financial muscle must back them,” she added.