Gov. Mai Mala Buni of Yobe says the future of the All Progressives Congress (APC) lies in the hands of Nigerian Youths.  Buni, also Chairman, APC Caretaker and Extra-Ordinary Convention Planning Committee, (CECPC) said this at the APC Progressives Youth Conference on Monday in Abuja. He said the conference which was the first of its kind in the history of the APC, came at a time the party was undergoing complete rebirth, recovery, rehabilitation, rejuvenation and repositioning. “It is a fact that the future of our great party, the APC and indeed, the country, lies in our youth, so, we cannot afford to discard the youth in the affairs of the party. “We must invest in the youth for a better future for the party and the country. “Therefore, this conference and theme are both strategic and timely for a prosperous future for the party and our beloved country,” he said. Buni said under his leadership, the APC had been rescued from trouble and disintegration to a strong, solid, reliable and ever growing political party. He added that the youths had remained progressively united to the APC throughout its turbulent times. Buni said during the reconciliation process, APC youths were cooperative to the collective approach to rebuilding the party. “You are indeed great and we remain grateful. “This also explains why the CECPC under my leadership took a deliberate position of engaging the youth in every process,” he said. He explained that as part of the party’s strategic approach to youth engagement, a committee on youth, women and people with special needs was constituted during the membership registration/revalidation exercise. He said the active role played by youths contributed massively to the success of the party’s membership registration/revalidation. “As the theme of the conference suggests, the decision for the future of this party and country cannot be at any other time better than now, especially so as the country’s corporate unity and security were being challenged,” he said. He said there was need to exploit all available opportunities to work towards promoting national unity, democracy and dialogue, assuring that the party would continue investing in the country’s unity and future. He, however, urged youths not to allow themselves to be use by retrogressive elements with evil interests in causing confusion, creating and fanning hate and disunity. “You must resist them, you should never allow yourselves to be use as tools in the hands of these treacherous elements,” Buni said. The governor acknowledged the support of President Muhammadu Buhari and other leaders of the party which had translated into the rebirth of the APC. He said the development had given every member of the party a true sense of belonging and pride. He said that the CECPC was making efforts to approach the party’s congresses and convention with a united front. Buni said this was critical to produce a strong leadership that would enjoy the support, trust and confidence of all members. He said that what the party needed was a leadership that would protect its interest above personal and primordial interests, to promote unity and make it more prosperous. “We are on course and count on the support of every member of the party to enable us complete this great assignment successfully with sense of commitment and fulfilment that will make us proud,” Buni said. It was reported that the conference was attended by some youth representatives from across the 36 states of the federation and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), as well as Kenyan and other African countries.