Gov. Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa State on Wednesday pardoned 36 convicted inmates serving various jail terms in the state.  Sule during a visit to the Lafia  Correctional Centre, said that the gesture was in fulfilment of his constitutional obligation. The governor, however, advised the inmates to repent and desist from any form of crime that would make them return to Correctional Centre. He said that the inmates were released not because they were innocent, but he believed that they have learnt their lessons from the period of their incarceration. “Each of you must become a preacher from here, so that you would be assimilated fully into the society  to contribute to the peace, security and development of the society,” Sule said. The governor also lauded the management of Correctional facilities for their various programmes aimed at rehabilitating the inmates to make them better persons. He also commended the management for enrolling some of the inmates who indicated interest in pursuing their education to obtain university degrees. Sule also promised to provide sewing and welding machines for the use of inmates already trained in those vocational skills. Earlier, Mr Abdulkarim Kana, the state’s Attorney-General and Commissioner for Justice, said the gesture to inmates by the governor was the fourth in the last two years. Kana said that as part of efforts to ensure speedy dispensation of justice, the Ministry of Justice is currently prosecuting over 1,000 cases at various courts across the 13 Local Government Areas of the state. ”The ministry has commenced the implementation of the amendment Criminal of Justice Law based on the approval by the governor to ensure speedy administration of justice,” he said. According to the Commissioner, the new arrangement will enable inmates who have spent long time awaiting trials to agree with their counsels on alternative charges so as to get quick conviction for them. ”Is better for them to be convicted than being detained on awaiting trials for many years,” he said. Kana said that the armnesty programme and the plea bargain initiative would help decongest the Correctional Centres and ensure quick dispensation of justice. Earlier, Comptroller of Nigeria Correctional Service in Nasarawa State, Mr Aliyu Yahuza, expressed gratitude to the governor for the gesture and other supports being rendered towards improving facilities at the centre and welfare of inmates in the state.