Despite series of death threats, Mr. Abdulrasheed Bawa, Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) on Tuesday says he is optimistic that the anti-graft agency will tame the monster of corruption in the country. Bawa during a television interview in Lagos said the scope of corruption overwhelms him. According to the EFCC boss, “Yes because if you look at it, almost everywhere there are elements of it (corruption). No, because I am very optimistic we will succeed in taming the monster of corruption in this country. “I am very optimistic and with the efforts of the government. One of the cardinal principles of the President’s administration is to fight corruption and we in the EFCC and other law enforcement agencies saddled with this responsibility… we are doing our best and trying to curtail it.” The anti-graft agency boss stressed further on steps that will be taken in taming corruption in the country said the agency is engaging with religious leaders. “Nigeria is a very religious country and that is why one of the issues that we do in public enlightenment is to engage with leaders of religious bodies. We are soon going to launch our interface with the Christian and Islamic communities to engage them on the ills of corruption. “We have already designed the manual for that.” Also, when Mr. Abdulrasheed Bawa was asked to respond to President Muhammadu Buhari’s frequent “Corruption is fighting back” expression, Bawa said he was in New York, USA, last week when someone called and made the death threat. “Some persons have threatened to kill me since I assumed office”, he added. “Last week I was in New York when a senior citizen received a phone call from somebody that is not even under investigation. “The person said on phone, ‘I am going to kill the EFCC Chairman. I am going to kill him.’ “That is to tell you how bad it is. It is actually real. Corruption can fight back,” he said. When he was asked further by the presenter if he gets death threats, the EFCC boss said, “Yes! Yes!”  ABDULRASHEED BAWA Mr. Abdulrasheed Bawa, 44year-old was appointed EFCC Boss by President Muhammadu Buhari on February 16. During his screening by the Senate, Bawa vowed that the constitution will guide his actions as the EFCC Chairman. President Buhari asked the Senate to confirm him describing him in a statement as a trained EFCC investigator with vast experience in the investigation and prosecution of Advance Fee Fraud cases, official corruption, bank fraud, money laundering, and other economic crimes. Upon resumption of office on March 9, he called for a renewed commitment to the anti-graft campaign by all staff through dedicated service, devoid of sloppiness and other forms of indiscipline.