As the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) commence online voter registration on Monday, the Kwara Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC), Malam Garba Attahiru-Madami, says INEC is targeting 3.5 million registered voters.  The REC made this known on Thursday in Ilorin while briefing newsmen on the online registration of voters. Attahiru-Madami said eligible voters can register online by logging into INEC registration portal: http://cvr.inecnigeria.org or http://cvr.inec.org. He added that online registration would commence on June 28 in all the 16 local government areas of the state. The REC however said that after two weeks of the online registration, physical registration would commence where those that have registered on line would have their biometric data captured physically. He also said that those that cannot register online can do so during physical CVR. The REC said that when he resumed duty in the state on July 30, 2018, there were only 800,000 registered voters three months to the close of the Continuous Voters Registration (CVR) exercise. Attahiru-Madami said he was able to raise the figure to N1.4 million registered voters within three months. According to him, number of voters registered is very essential for poll unit expansion. “Therefore, mobilisation of voters should be a joint effort of political parties and INEC. “Political parties jettison this assignment and it’s left to Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). “The number of Permanent Voters Card (PVC) collected is the number of votes that can be casted during election. “We all know that Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) under the Chairmanship of Prof. Mahmood Yakubu has been introducing technology into our electoral process to make electoral process more credible, transparent and peaceful,” the REC said. Attahiru-Madami said the electoral body introduced the use of Z-PAD in Edo and Ondo elections which made it credible. He also said that INEC would use IVED to correct any challenge of Smart Card Readers. The REC added that the goal of INEC in future election is E-Voting, hence the commencement of online registration on June 28. He said that the CVR exercise would close in third quarter of 2022, adding that any Nigerian that has attained 18 years of age is eligible to register as voter. Attahiru-Madami also said that registered voters who had issues with accreditation during the last exercise can register as well as voters who want to transfer their PVCs to another location and those with wrongly spelt names.