Some candidates at the on-going UTME, on Tuesday, expressed mixed feelings over network performance at some Computer-Based Test (CBT) centres.  Candidates, who spoke with our reporter at the Brain Builders CBT centre, Egbeda-Idimu, Lagos said that there was no system error but that the network was not perfect. A candidate, John Dansu, a Togolese nationale said that candidates started biometrics and screening at his centre exactly 7.00 a.m. after which the examination started. Dansu said that the examination was not difficult as he was able to answer 70 per cent of the questions and that he had no problem with his computer. “I heard this centre had issues with the network and power supply on Saturday, which caused the candidates to finish very late. “I was scared it will happen today but getting here and starting the examination, there was no issue till I finished. “This is my first time of writing this examination and I am ready to study French language in my first choice of school,” he said. Another candidate, Akinola Sodiq, said that he was writing the examination for the third time. “The centre I used last year did not allow me to finish the examination, which affected my result. “We started on time, my computer system was perfect but some of the candidates had issues with their biometrics and screening. “I tried my best in writing this year’s examination and hopefully there will not be any problem with it,” Sodiq told our reporter. In his own remarks, Emmanuel Sylvester said that said that the examination was not difficult but he did not finish answering all questions before the time ran out. Sylvester also said that he was writing the examination for the first time and that he had been preparing since last year by going for tutorials. “I commend JAMB and centre owner for improving their equipments but the network system needs to be improved upon to enhance the smooth conduct of the examination. “I urge JAMB management to be more proactive and thoroughly scrutinise centres before approvals,” he said. Eniola Sekoni, another candidate, told our reporter that she only completed answering three out of four subjects because the time was not enough. “I started at the same time with other candidates and I was just taking my time to answer each question correctly. “I hope the three subjects will cover up for the ones I didn’t do,” she said.