Dr Folasade Yemi-Esan, the Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HOCSF), has reassured that the Federal Government was committed to harmonising salaries of workers in the public sector.  Yemi-Esan said this on Thursday in Abuja at news conference to commemorate the 2021 Civil Service Week. It was reported that the federal government had mandated the Presidential Committee on Salaries and Wages to review and realign the earnings of workers in government Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs). The aim was to check disparity in salaries and wages, as well as reduce cost of governance. According to her, government has set up a sub committee to reconsider the importance of carrying out the process. “We have had two meetings since then and we’ve been given just a month to submit the report to the larger committee, so once the work is done, though it is a great task, I can tell you that the committee will do the needful. “So, the work is still ongoing and you will get the report as we conclude,” Yemi-Esan said. Giving update on payment of backlog of death benefits, the HOS said N2 billion had been paid to 594 beneficiaries, following the release of N2.5 billion to pay back log of death benefits to the next of kin of deceased officers. “As at today the sum of N2.468 billion has been expended to settle 594 beneficiaries. The balance will be paid to other beneficiaries once the office receives the requisite banks’ attestation,” she said. Speaking further, the HOS said her office was also working assiduously to ensure that families of civil servants who died on active service got their decease’s death benefits through the Group Life Assurance. “The group life assurance is where we insure officers and people working in the service, in case they die in active service, their next of kin are able to get payment of their salaries and other benefits. “The office of the HOCSF does not hold unto any money, it is the responsible of the institution where the officer had work, to write the office of the HOCSF to take up action with the insurance company for payments,” she said. She, however, highlighted some of the achievements of office of the HOCSF under President Buhari administration to include the development and approval of policy on virtual engagements, approved by the Federal Executive Council. Others were promoting new values, education, innovation and productivity in the public service among other achievements. It was reported that the objective of setting aside a special day for the Public Service Week was to celebrate the values and virtues of the service to the community. The theme of the 2021 celebration was “Building the Africa we want through embracing an African culture that underpins purpose-driven leadership in the face of crisis”.