Gombe State had experienced rapid development in the 22 years of uninterrupted democracy in the country, according to Gov. Inuwa Yahaya.  In his goodwill message on democracy day signed by his Director General, Press Affairs, Isma’il Misilli and made available to news men in Gombe, on Saturday, Yahaya stated that from a small rural community, Gombe had grown to emerge as the fastest developing state in the country. Yahaya attributed the phenomenal growth to hard work, stability and progress, as well as good governance. “During our two-year anniversary two weeks ago, we showcased our tremendous achievements across all facets of social and economic development. “From road infrastructure to agriculture, education, health, water resources, environment, commerce and industry, rural and urban development, civil service reforms to youth and women empowerment, among others. “Our vision is to transform Gombe into a state that would serve as a model for the rest,” he said. The governor further said that despite the prevailing insecurity in the region, Gombe had continued to witness relative peace and stability. “Gombe is today the residential and investment destination of choice in the North,” he said. He commended members of the Armed Forces for their professionalism, commitment and belief in Nigeria’s unity and democracy, stressing that the 22 years of interrupted democratic rule had proven that we can get it right. The governor expressed appreciation that Nigeria’s democratic maturity had shattered the myths about African democracy being under the grip of one single leader or political party. Yahaya noted that as the largest black nation in the world, Nigeria would continue to hold the torch of nation building, democratic pluralism and political stability in Africa and the world at large. “We have witnessed successful transitions of power from one administration to the next and from one political party to another. “Whenever we faced challenges, we always respond with the tenacity and maturity far above what the world expects of us,” he said.