Nutrition stakeholders in Kaduna State on Friday say breastfeeding lays strong foundation for healthy growth and development of children.  The stakeholders stated this during a Kaduna State Policy Dialogue webinar, organised to commemorate the 2021 World Breastfeeding Week (WBW). They noted that the benefits of breastfeeding were enormous, adding that “it improves the health, wellbeing and survival of children.” The wife of the Kaduna State Governor, Hajiya Aisha-Ummi El-Rufai, in a keynote address, described breastfeeding as “key determinant” of a good start in life for children. Mrs El-Rufai, who is the Chairperson, Kaduna State Emergency Nutrition Action Plan (KADENAP), said “breastfeeding provides the strongest foundation of life; adequate breastfeeding reduces malnutrition and child morbidity.” Represented by Mr Umar Bambale, the Project Manager, KADENAP, the governor’s wife said breastfeeding was the best and safest way of feeding infants and young children. According to her, breastfeeding provides perfect nutrition for infants and lays strong foundation for healthy growth and development. Dr Hamza Abubakar, the Executive Secretary, Kaduna State Primary Healthcare Development Board, called on all to support mothers to breastfeed their children. Abubakar pointed out that only 19.7 per cent of children less than six months in the state were exclusively breastfed, saying “this is very very poor. “We are on 28.9 per cent only on early initiation of breastfeeding within an hour of birth. This is also not good enough. “Efforts are ongoing by different Ministries, Departments and Agencies to promote adequate infant and young child feeding practices, with early initiation of breastfeeding and exclusive breastfeeding as critical components. “These efforts must be sustained to improve the practice of breastfeeding, so that children will be given a good start in life.” Dr Zakari Adam, the Chief of Field Office, UNICEF Kaduna, also urged stakeholders to promote, protect and provide an enabling environment for mothers to breastfeed their children and give them a strong start in life. Adam reiterated continued support to protect the rights of children and improve access to health, nutrition, education and water and sanitation services, critical for their growth and survival. Also, Mrs Sarah Kwasu, the Team Lead, Alive and Thrive (fhi 360), said adequate breastfeeding would ensure healthy growth of a child, thereby discouraging unhealthy traditional practices in curing child ailments.