The Yaba Art Museum of YABATECH says the ‘Yaba Cartoon Nation’ event holding Sept. 2, 2021 in Lagos is part of Ford Foundation’s programmes to break new grounds in the art sector.  According to it, the event will be used as a tool to advocate social justice issues, which is perhaps, the first academic museum presentation of this genre in Nigeria. Mr Joe Ejiofor, Deputy Registrar, YABATECH told our reporter on Tuesday that the event taking place in the School of Art, Design and Printing would feature works of alumni cartoonists. “The support of Ford Foundation has been instrumental to activities of our institution, particularly in the Yaba Art Museum, that are coming up with a new event for alumni cartoonist. “The role of cartoons is making demands of the state for responsibility on critical issues. So, this event will feature their works, being a highlight in the sector. “Also, the event will be used as a tool and an advocate of social justice issues, which is perhaps the first academic museum presentation of this genre in Nigeria and its social justice connections,” he said. The Deputy Registrar disclosed that the presentations would create an enabling environment for interaction whereby learners and audiences with like minds would exchange ideas on critical areas. They avenue will aid creative development in social justice content. Ejiofor noted that the Art Museum had earlier showcased ‘The Living Blue’ which hosted an active presentation of the life and work of Mrs Nike Okundaye, a Nigeria Adire/Batik Textile designer. “Okundaye’s life and practice are tailored toward youth development, gender-based violence and sexual harassment which she has being using to make meaningful contribution in the society,” he added. It was reported that earlier, three researchers from Yaba College of Technology – Dr Adeleke Abiodun, Dr Funmilayo Doherty and Dr Odun Orimolade won a Ford Foundation grant which has been of significant support to the institution. “The research grant was used for the development of institutional policy on sexual harassment and gender based violence in the college and for the setting up of the Yaba Art Museum in the college,” he told our reporter. According to him, the funding by Ford Foundation will further support art exhibitions in relation to issues of advocacy for youth development, sexual harassment and gender based violence among other events. Ejiofor said that the Ford Foundation has been involved in rebuilding museums and monuments in the country, while YABATECH is the first to have completed and launched its project.