The Progressives Governors Forum (PGF) has advised the National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) to negotiate with individual State government to end the ongoing strike.  Gov. Abubakar Bagudu of Kebbi, the Chairman of the forum, gave the advice in a statement on Tuesday in Abuja. NARD ongoing indefinite nationwide strike is to demand for improved conditions and payment of unpaid salaries by some state governments. The strike is also to protest the failure to domesticate the Medical Residency Training Act 2017 in states, among others. According to Bagudu, most of the grievances of the resident doctors was with the state governments. He said that the issues affecting resident doctors in federal establishments should be negotiated with the relevant structures of the Federal Government. He noted that the Nigeria Governors Forum (NGF) was already negotiating with the leadership of NARD and the Federal Government to end the ongoing medical workers’ strike. The chairman further said that the forum, at its meeting of Aug. 8, supported Federal Government’s call through the Minister of Labour and Productivity to immediately suspend the strike to allow for negotiations. “The meeting reviews the ongoing strike by the National Association of Resident Doctors. ”The meeting said that the NGF is in consultations with the leadership of the Resident Doctors and the Federal Government. “The forum appeals to resident doctors to negotiate with individual State government,” he said. Bagudu commended the APC Caretaker and Extra-ordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) for the successful conduct of the ward congresses across the country and its effort to rebuild the party’s structures at all levels. He reaffirmed the PGF’s support for the APC CECPC to conduct local government, State congresses and National convention in line with the mandate of the party’s National  Executive Committee. He also lauded the Supreme Court for resolving the legal status of both the APC CECPC and its composition. He however, expressed gratitude to APC legal team for the successful defence of the party’s electoral mandate in Ondo State and congratulated the people and government for the legal victory. The PGF chairman commended APC members for their commitment to the process of rebuilding the party and urged them to continue to support it at all times. It was reported that the NGF is an umbrella body of the 36 states elected serving governors irrespective of party affiliation. PGF is an umbrella body of serving governors elected on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC).