The Managing Director, Nestle Nigeria, Mr Wassim Elhusseini, on Thursday, restated the organisation’s commitment to training and equipping youths with employable technical skills.  Elhusseini gave the assurance at the graduation ceremony of the 2019/2021 Batch two Technical Training Centre Students in Abaji. He explained that the importance of engaging the youth in the area of technical skills was to enhance the economy and reduce unemployment in the country, noting that young people have a key role to play for a better society. “This is why we are passionate about the training of youths to build their capabilities and skills to find fulfilling jobs or create their own businesses. “At this point in our growth as a nation, technical skills are more essential than others, it does not only create employment but also support industralisation of the nation,” he said. According to him, Nestle has invested in no fewer than 120 young people in technical skills such as electrical and instrumentation operations, automation and control systems activities, among others, since 2011. Elhusseini said that over 90 per cent of the trained youths were directly employed by the organisation. He, therefore, urged the graduating students to keep on learning and pushing harder as they leverage on the strong foundation of knowledge acquired over the period of their training. Similarly, Mr Ayodele Ayeokere, the Factory Manager, Abaji, while commending the graduating students said that they came to the training centre with great expectations of realising their aspirations and excelled academically. Ayeokere expressed satisfaction that the students had grown individually and also enhanced their skills during the period of their training at the centre. “Without any doubt, you have become a graduate of Nestle Training Centre and with this you have joined the ranks of extraordinary people and you need to be proud of this great achievement. “Resilience, determination and adaptation are the skills of our time. All these you have acquired and we are confident that you are ready for the journey ahead of you,” Ayeokere said. He, however, urged them to be innovative and adventurous, saying that they should seize every opportunity that comes their way to tackle the challenges they might encounter in their careers. In his goodwill message, Otunba Niyi Adebayo, Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, appreciated the management of Nestle Nigeria for the initiative, saying that the organisation is giving back to the society. Represented by Mrs Theresa Olaogun, Senior Industrial Officer of the Ministry, Adebayo said that the course would provide opportunity for the graduating students to secure valuable employment. “I also want to believe that this skill will provide an opportunity for you to create your own business or enterprise that will make you employers of labour,” he added. On behalf of the 20 graduates of 2019/2021, Ms Mmanuella Nnaji and Mr Joseph Adeola, both best students of the year, appreciated Nestle Nigeria for the opportunity given to them to build their capabilities. It was reported that Nestle Nigeria is in partnership with Nigeria Employers Consultative Association (NECA) and Industrial Training Fund (ITF) for the training programme.