Nigeria’s newest and fast-growing health maintenance organization (HMO), Leadway Health Limited, has unveiled a range of superior and robust healthcare service offerings targeted at improving and fostering access to quality health and wellbeing solutions to Nigerians.  Speaking at the unveiling event held in Lagos on Thursday last week, Dr Tokunbo Alli, Chief Executive Officer, Leadway Health, stated that the introduction of Leadway Health would serve as a disruption and an exceptional redefinition of the delivery of reliable and affordable health care to the public. “According to the National Health Insurance Scheme, more than 190 million Nigerians are still paying out-of-pocket to access medical services, forcing individuals, businesses and households to incur enormous and usually unplanned health expenditures. This is an unnecessary, unsustainable and costly means to accessing quality healthcare services. With the introduction of Leadway Health Limited, our range of solutions would help bridge the gap in providing quality, accessible, and affordable health services to Nigerians. We are confident in a healthcare system that genuinely cares for your health, your wealth and more. “With nationwide coverage and seamless healthcare service on-the-go backed by a high-tech Artificial Intelligence (AI) application, quality customer service delivery that enables convenient access and smooth 24/7 support from a team of experienced and thoroughbred professionals, there is no doubt that our customers are assured of disruptive healthcare services and an exceptional delivery experience. “As a leading pioneer of one of the most comprehensive West African Third-Party Administration and registered health maintenance organization under the National Health Insurance Scheme (NHIS), our partnership with over 1,500 health providers and diverse range of bespoke corporate, retail and international products allows us to extend health insurance penetration to millions of Nigerians and Africa at large. We therefore enjoin individuals, families, business owners and corporates alike to come on board and experience healthcare delivery tailor-made to suit their specific needs,” he added. Leadway Health’s superior product offerings include advanced telemedicine, health enrollee app that allows authorization of care by enrollees, digital health tracking, access to financial and family counselling and geo-location capabilities for hospitals. The benefit also include pharmacy benefit program that involves genuine drugs from manufacturers delivered to the home/office for those with chronic ailments, employee assistance program to promote mental health, medical concierge services, preventive health programs that includes baby wellness programs, access to fitness and nutritional stores, customized health tips, talks and newsletters across all age groups with a unique reward system to encourage and promote general wellness amongst others. Leadway Health is proudly affiliated with Leadway Assurance Company Limited, one of Nigeria’s foremost and largest insurers. Leadway Assurance was founded in 1960 and has over 50 years of experience in the insurance sector with a reputation for service efficiency and customer reliability. Leadway Health is committed to providing innovation in equipping every Nigerian with the tools needed to mitigate risks to wellbeing whilst adopting insurance as a top choice for sustainable healthcare management and comprehensive access to universal health coverage.