The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Plateau has urged citizens of the state to support government and security agencies to end the killings in the state.  Mr Enoch Fanmak, APC Acting State Chairman, made the call on Sunday in Jos when he briefed newsmen on the security situation in the state. Fanmak said that all Plateau citizens needed to contribute their quota to end the attacks that had claimed many lives and property. “We call on our citizens to continue to support the Government and security agencies as well as community and traditional leaders to quickly restore normalcy within the affected areas. “Government and security agencies on their part must ensure that justice is done to everyone. “We must avoid the divisive tactics employed by enemies of the state to use religion, ethnicity and politics to jeopardize the peace in the state. “The APC believes that this is the time to come together as well-meaning citizens of Plateau to put to shame this group of people who are bent on making Plateau a hot bed of crises. “The good people of this state desire to live in peace and pursue their legitimate means of livelihood without any fear of molestation or threat,” he said. The acting chairman commended Gov. Simon Lalong for the quick intervention toward ensuring that the situation did not go out of control. The chairman said that the governor has done his best, but was greatly limited because of lack of direct control of the security agencies. He said that that all security agencies receive orders from their headquarters even after the governor gives them directives. Fanmak hoped that the National Assembly would do the needful by amending the constitution to provide for state police that would give governors direct responsibility to “bark and bite”. “We commend the efforts of the security agencies in the state for containing the situation and doing their best to maintain law and order. “We urge them to go further and arrest all the perpetrators of all the killings across the affected local government areas and ensure that they are prosecuted expeditiously. “Nobody should be spared; whoever is found guilty whether he is a perpetrator or sponsor, should not be spared. “The blood of those who were killed in Miango, Dong, Kwi, Yelwa Zagam, Rukuba Road, Bwai among others must never be allowed to go in vain. All lives are precious and matter,” he stated. Fanmak condoled Gov. Lalong, government and people of the state over the recent attacks in Bassa, Riyom, Jos North, Mangu, Jos South Local Government Areas where many lives were lost and properties worth billions of Naira destroyed. He sympathised with the families of those who were killed and prayed God to grant their souls eternal rest. He also prayed for the quick recovery of those who were injured during the crisis.