Dr Boboye Oyeyemi, Corps Marshal, Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), says that 90 per cent of articulated trucks plying the roads are overaged vehicles that are not roadworthy.  Oyeyemi disclosed this on Monday during his working visit to Nigerian Shippers Council (NSC) and Nigerian Port Authority (NPA) in Lagos. “Ninety per cent of the articulated vehicles on the roads across the country are over 30 years, which are not supposed to be and that is the main reason for crashes of these articulated vehicles. “We want the NSC to collaborate with more stakeholders in setting as well as enforcing minimum standards for trucks and their drivers as part of measures to ensure free flow of traffic. “And minimise incessant fall of heavy duty vehicles around port areas, especially Apapa, Lagos,” the FRSC corps marshal said. According to him, FRSC’s partnership with NSC over the years has yielded results in road traffic administration, hence, the need for sustained collaboration. He urged NSC to work with stakeholders to generate data base for traffic control, conduct public education and enlightenment for truck operators as well as train truck drivers on minimum safety standards. He said that over-aged trucks on the roads were the reason for the incessant falls, leading to avoidable losses of lives and property. The corps marshal added that the visit was to reinforce the robust relationship between the two agencies, especially with the appointment of a new Executive Secretary for the council, Mr Emmanuel Jime. “Most of the trucks are not adhering to minimum safety principles and standard, some of them break down at the middle of expressway thereby causing crashes in the night. “The corps had signed memorandum of Understanding (MoU) under the Road Transport Safety Standardisation Scheme (RTSSS) to collaborate and set standards for truck operations. “It will also generate database, conduct public education and enlightenment for truck operators, training of truck drivers and the implementation of Vehicle Transit Areas (VTAs) scheme in Nigeria,” he said. Jime, in his remarks, lauded the corps marshal for his rare act of humility by taking the first shot to visit the council towards advancing the relationship with his predecessor. He assured the corps that he would do everything possible to ensure full implementation of the MOU between the two agencies on traffic management with respect to cargo movements. “Within the council mandate as Port Economic Regulator and Trade Facilitation Agency, we identify critical issues challenging the performance of our nation’s logistics sector and the growth of her international trade. “In response to them, the council has identified collaborative partnerships with relevant government agencies and the organised private sector as key to rigorously canvass ideas and solutions,” he said. According to him, the good news still remains that the great potentials of our nation as the trade hub of the West and Central Africa subregion is not doubt. He says that opportunities are vast, the market is large and the population fast growing which are the factors readily available to support the country’s value chains for competitiveness. Jime said NSC and FRSC would stand together and collectively work to ensure that both agencies continue to work closely at accomplishing guided efforts towards the ease of doing business. “We will ensure that agencies work closely at accomplishing guided efforts towards the ease of doing business and the improvement of our nation’s trade and transport sectors in order to remain competitive in a globalized economy,” he said. Alhaji Muhammed Bello, the Acting Managing Director (NPA), in his remarks, said the agency was working effectively on the gridlocks along the corridors. According to him, in the last two weeks we have recorded a progress in the traffic areas. “We have informed all our truck operators that the trucks must be latched to avoid crashes on the road. “We need to renew the MoU to enhance more progress and collaboration,” he said.