AIICO Insurance Plc on Monday said it had launched an Artificial Intelligence (AI) powered service via the WhatsApp platform called ELLA, to improve service delivery.  Mr Segun Olalandu, Head, Strategic Marketing and Communications of the firm, announced the launching in a statement issued in Lagos. According to him, the service is a dedicated instant messaging, adding that AIICO is the first insurance company in the country to deploy the application. He noted that the new service had in-built features that enable customers to make an instant purchase or renewal of policies, claims reporting, products, service enquiries and lots more via WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger and Telegram. “Ella is available 24/7 and the interactive chat box enhances user experience, as it takes on the personality of a young, intelligent, and efficient customer’s experience manager. “It helps reduce the time required for customers to purchase or access customer support service to a maximum of five minutes. “It also empowers both existing and prospective customers to chat with AIICO for instant responses any time of the day,” he said. According to him, the service offers simple, secure, and reliable messaging at zero cost. Commenting on the launch, the insurance company’s Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer, Mr Babatunde Fajemirokun, said the firm’s customer-centric approach essentially drives the launch of Ella and its deployment on WhatsApp. “With over two billion WhatsApp users globally and its increasing viral adoption locally, we believe it is an appropriate channel by which we can bring service closer to our customers. “We understand how technology is transforming the world today and its impact on the lifestyle of our customers. “Therefore, we will continue to invest in the best technology solution to provide our customer with a great experience,” Fajemirokun said. He noted that in the heat of the 2020 pandemic and global lockdown, the company mitigated the impact by deploying technology-enabled solutions for business continuity. According to the managing director, the feedback from customers and the marketplace is why the firm is laser-focused on quality service delivery, irrespective of daunting challenges. AIICO Insurance is a leading composite insurer in Nigeria with over 50 years of delivering quality insurance products and services. Founded in 1963, the company provides life and health insurance, general insurance, health insurance and investment management services, to create and protect wealth for individuals, families, and corporate customers.