Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, who was born on March 8, 1957, has clocked 64 years.  Osinbajo survived a helicopter crash in Kogi on Feb. 2, 2019, and won re-election on Feb. 23, 2019, for another four-year term with President Muhammadu Buhari. Osinbajo, Nigeria’s 5th Vice President, is the Chairman of the National Economic Council which deliberates on economic planning efforts and programmes of the various tiers of government. As the chairman of NEC, Osinbajo has spearheaded critical resolutions on economy, health, technology, agriculture, infrastructure and security, among others. At the onset of COVID-19 lockdown in 2020, Buhari asked him to chair the Economic Sustainability Committee (ESC) which drafted the Economic Sustainability (ESP) being implemented at present to shore up the economy. The vice president attended the Igbobi College, Lagos, University of Lagos (UNILAG) from 1975 to 1978, and London School of Economics and Political Science. He was Attorney-General and Commissioner for Justice in Lagos State from 1999 until 2007. Osinbajo worked as a Professor of Law at the University of Lagos for many years; he was also a Senior Partner with SimmonsCooper Partners, a commercial law practice. He is also a Pastor of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG). Osinbajo and his wife, Dolapo Osinbajo, have three children. Buhari, in a birthday message, paid glowing tribute to the vice president. “Osinbajo is a reliable and dedicated deputy who is not only admirably competent, but also exudes confidence and passion in the performance of his job. “I am proud to have selected Osinbajo as my running mate and he has given a good account of himself since our journey began in 2015. “The vice president is a cool-headed gentleman who puts the interest of Nigeria above other narrow considerations,” Buhari said. Buhari added that Osinbajo was an incredibly patient politician who demonstrated remarkable intellectual and mental energy in the discharge of his duties. He wished him many more prosperous years and Almighty God’s continued guidance.