AIICO Insurance Plc. on Tuesday redefined its vision and mission statements in its move to lead in the industry and dominate the market.  The firm hopes to dominate the market through a customer-centric and value driven approach to business. Mr Babatunde Fajemirokun, Chief Executive Officer/Managing Director, AIICO Insurance, said that the core of the strategic move centred on exceeding the expectation of its customers. “We are reengineering our operations to drive a whole new experience, leveraging an in-depth understanding of their needs through various life stages. “As we embed customer experience within the culture of the company, we will strengthen our ability to listen and engage customers across our spectrum of touchpoints,” he said. According to him, the insurer has gone digital in its quest to provide a unique customer experience and differentiation. Fajemirokun said the insurance firm would provide a fast, responsive, and frictionless experience for consumers and employees as they switch between channels in their journey to fulfilment. “Wherever our customer finds us, be it online, or by walking into any of our branches, they are sure to meet a recognizable and consistent service delivery. “Our omni-channel strategy will make this possible and would ensure this level of service sticks. “We will infuse technology within our operations to drive automation and end-to-end simplicity,” he said. The managing director said the company had proven to be stable and reliable through the years amid different seasons of volatility, uncertainties and complexities. He said this was done by consistently delivering on its promise to its customers, shareholders and other stakeholders. Fajemirokun said that the insurance company was looking at establishing and maintaining market dominance and brand recognition, not just in Nigeria, but in Sub-Saharan Africa. It was reported that AIICO, in its new vision statement, wants to be the dominant insurer in Sub-Saharan Africa, built on a deep understanding of customer needs and world-class digital experience. The redefined mission of the company is: To be the most compelling customer experience by offering best-fit products to drive wholesome peace of mind through a dynamic, highly motivated workforce and innovative technology. AIICO Insurance, a leading composite insurer in Nigeria founded in 1963, provides life and health insurance, general insurance, investment management and pension management services.