The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) Ebonyi chapter  has urged governors and the National Assembly to stop playing politics with the N30,000 minimum wage.  The NLC also tasked the governors and the lawmakers on prioritising the wellbeing of workers in the country. Mr Ikechukwu Nwafor, the Chairman of the NLC in Ebonyi gave the advice in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Abakaliki. Recall that the N30, 000 national minimum wage was signed into law by President Muhammadu Buhari in 2019. Nwafor, who described the minimum wage as right of workers, stressed the need to take politics away from their wellbeing. “Politicising minimum wage is a crime against workers’ wellbeing and crime against humanity,” he said. On the nationwide rally slated for Wednesday by Labour Unions against a bill in the National Assembly to remove minimum wage from the exclusive list, Nwafor said the rally was a welcome development. “You all know that the issue of minimum wage has been a big issue in this country but this is a situation that has been taken care of by the law of this country through the minimum wage act. “It is very unfortunate that up till now, so many states are yet to implement the N30, 000 for workers; some have paid fake wages like peanuts to its workers. “So, the issue on ground now is the bill sponsored in the national assembly requesting the removal of minimum wage from the exclusive list. We are going out tomorrow, being Wednesday to say that such move to remove it is not obtainable. “Minimum wage is the right of workers and should not be politicised as established by law. If the national assembly do that, what will he the faith of workers. “We are going out to tell the whole world that we are against any bill to remove workers’ salary from the exclusive list. “Look at the living standards and cost of food items in the market. Electricity bill has been increased by over 100 per cent, fuel pump price has also increased, causing daily price change on food commodities across the country. “How do you want the workers to survive in this situation, including children’s school fees and house rent,” the chairman stated.