A group, under the aegis of ‘Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed Vanguard (BAM-V) has urged  Gov, Bala Mohammed of Bauchi state to contest for President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria in 2023.  The group made the call in Bauchi, on Monday, at the inauguration of its newly appointed officials. Speaking at the inauguration, Mr Mohammed Jibo, Director General, BAM-V, said the call by the group was sequel to series of consultations  it held in the quest for credible and competent personality capable of piloting the affairs of the country come 2023. Jibo, who explained that the group  metamorphosed from the Coalition of Civil Society Organisation for Transparency and Good Governance (COCSOTRAGG), said that although Bauchi state needed the governor for a second term, Nigeria as a country was more in need of someone like him. On behalf of the group, the BAM-V director general pleaded with the state governor to listen to them and accept their call. “BAM-V is the metamorphosis of COCSOTRAGG with membership in all the 36 states of the federation and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Abuja. “Following series of consultations and considerations in our quest for credible and competent personality capable of piloting the affairs of this great country after May 29, 2023, we found  Mohammed to be the best option for Nigeria. “Sequel to the emergence of the  governor as the best option for this country and the need for him to answer our call to contest in the 2023 presidential election, let me put it on record that Bauchi state needs him for the second term but Nigeria needs him more. “Let us beg him, prevail on him to agree to serve in higher capacity, because Nigeria is in dire need of him,” Jibo said. He further explained that the group was a well structured organisation with the national headquarters in Abuja and with chapters located in all the 36 states. Jibo urged  the newly inaugurated officials to rise to the occasion and justify the confidence reposed in them by exhibiting good leadership qualities, high level of commitment and determination to make the group’s dream come true.