The Transmission Company of Nigeria (TCN) says it has successfully installed and energised a 40 MegaVoltAmpree (MVA), 132/33kV Power Transformer at Yauri Transmission Station.  TCN also said it had installed a new R2 75MVAR 330 kiloVolt (KV) Reactor at the Jos Transmission Substation. TCN’s General Manager, Public Affairs, Mrs Ndidi Mbah, made this known in a statement in Abuja on Monday. Mbah said that the newly commissioned 40MVA 132/33kV power transformer would bring the Yauri Substation capacity to 80MVA. “With the new transformer, the substation now has six outgoing 33kiloVolt feeders, four of the feeders, including the Yauri, Koko, Zuru and Ingaski feeders are now in service. “While two others are for future demand by Kaduna Electricity Distribution Company,” she said. She said that the Yauri 2x40MVA 132/33kV Substation project was awarded in 2007, adding that the inability of the contractor to complete the project caused TCN to take over the project. Mbah said that TCN engineers installed the first 40MVA Transformer, which was successfully commissioned in 2019. “To further boost bulk power in the area, TCN engineers equally installed and commissioned the second 40MVA power transformer which was energized on  March 18. “The new installed transformer has upgraded the substation capacity by 32MW and consequently improved bulk power supply to the southern part of Kebbi, through Kaduna Electricity Distribution Company,” she said. Mbah said that TCN’s engineers had also installed a new R2 75MVAR 330kV Reactor at the Jos 330/132/33kV Transmission Substation which was also commissioned on the March 18. She said that the new reactor would complement the existing R1 75MVAR 330kV at the Jos substation. According to her, with two standard reactors in place at the substations, TCN now transmits stable and quality voltage to Plateau, Bauchi, Gombe and parts of Benue, Taraba, Yobe and Kaduna States. She said that the Yauri and Jos Substations projects were part of projects articulated in TCN’s Nigerian Electricity Grid Maintenance, Expansion and Rehabilitation Programme (NEGMERP). Mbah said that TCN intended to continue to ensure the diligent implementation of the projects which  geared towards putting in place a robust and very efficient grid.