The University of Ibadan will hold its virtual matriculation ceremony for the 2020/2021 academic session on Tuesday.  According to a statement released to our reporter in Ibadan on Friday and signed by the university’s Spokesman, Mr Olatunji Oladejo, the event will hold at the Trenchard Hall of the institution at 10 a.m. The University Registrar, Mrs Olubunmi Faluyi, will administer the matriculation oath on the newly admitted 8,197 students at the ceremony. “A breakdown of the fresh students shows that 4,243 are from the conventional mode, while 3,954 are from the Open and Distance Education (ODE) for parity of esteem. “The matriculation speaker is Dr Boluwatife Ikwunne, an alumna of the University of Ibadan, a 2020 Young Innovation Leaders Fellow. “Ikwunne is also winner of the 2021 Rhodes Scholarship for West Africa, set to undertake postgraduate studies in Clinical and Therapeutic Neuroscience at the University of Oxford, in October, this year,” the statement said. According to the statement, Ikwunne intends to conduct relevant research in neuroscience to develop prevention strategies and improve treatment options for mental health problems, especially in low and middle-income countries. Oladejo further said that the Acting Vice-Chancellor, Prof. Adebola Ekanola, will preside over the all-important ceremony. He urged all the newly admitted students to join the scheduled zoom meeting as follows: Topic: University of Ibadan 2021 Matriculation Ceremony Time: March 16, 2021, 10:00a.m, West Central Africa. Meeting ID: 980 7951 2467 Passcode: 216542.” Meanwhile, university has also disclaimed the 2020/2021 admission date for post UTME screening in circulation on social media. The Registrar, Mrs Olubunmi Faluyi, in another statement, said no date has been fixed for the exercise. “This is to inform all prospective candidates who have registered for the screening that the University is yet to schedule a date and venue for the exercise. “Candidates should note that information about the date and venue of the examination will be communicated to their provided e-mail addresses and phone numbers,” she said.