No fewer than thirteen people have been killed and seven others injured by bandits during separate attacks in Zango Kataf, Chikun, and Kauru local government areas of Kaduna state, repost says. According to the Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan, the armed bandits killed one man as he returned from their farm with his brother in Gora Gan village of Zangon Kataf LGA, while his brother was able to escape. In another incident, armed bandits attacked Kizachi village of Kauru LGA, and killed ten persons, leaving four others injured. Fifty-six houses and 16 motorcycles were also razed, with several barns also raided and burnt. The injured are receiving treatment in the hospital. Furthermore, the bandits also attacked Masaka village in Chikun local government where one person was killed, and two other persons injured. Similarly, armed bandits killed one man in Kurmin Kaduna of Chikun local government area, and left another injured. Meanwhile, troops from 1 Division Nigerian Army, Kaduna, on Wednesday 17 March 2021, successfully rescued 10 persons who were recently kidnapped from their quarters at Kaduna International Airport. According to a communique from the Nigerian Army Spokesman, Brigadier General Mohammed Yerima, the rescue operation was without any mishap or casualty. Governor of Kaduna State, Mallam Nasir El-Rufai received Army chiefs at the State House….. The statement on Friday further revealed that the rescue operation happened when the troops who were patrolling one of the forests in Kaduna came in contact with the kidnappers and their victims. On sighting the soldiers, the bandits opened fire, prompting the troops to decisively engage them. With superior firepower, troops soon overwhelmed them and they were forced to abandon their victims and take to their heels. The victims comprising one man, three women, and six children were immediately evacuated to a military facility where they are currently undergoing medical check. Kaduna State Governor, Mallam Nasir El-Rufai, while visiting the rescued victims, commended the Nigerian Army for a spectacular job. He also consoled the victims for the trauma they went through at the hands of their abductors. The General Officer Commanding 1 Division Nigerian Army, Major General Danjuma Ali-Keffi, also commended the troops while restating the Chief of Army Staff’s warning that the days of kidnappers and bandits are over as the Nigerian Army is determined more than ever to put a final stop to their nefarious activities anywhere in the country.