Lagos Deputy Gov. Obafemi Hamzat on Friday said that Nigerian parents should  take responsibility for their families and train their children and wards in a godly way.  Hamzat gave the task at a special Juma’at prayer in honour of the late Chief Lateef Jakande, the first civilian Governor of Lagos State, at the Central Mosque, Alausa, Ikeja. The deputy governor said that youths  into thuggery and other vices came from homes and not the blues. “These children have parents; what we are saying is that we should take responsibility for our families. “We should put more efforts for our families. “Whether you are a Muslim, Christian or an atheist, we all believe in family in Africa. That is how it has been. “We should not allow other cultures to destroy ours,” he said. Hamzat urged religious leaders to guide their followers to prioritise good parenting and social welfare. The deputy governor described the late Jakande as a man of humility and simplicity, adding that the deceased lived a purposeful life. He said that Jakande was a good politician and a great father. Hamzat said that Jakande left  four strong legacies –  free education, free healthcare rural\urban integration and employment. The deputy governor said that the legacies were in accordance with the  THEMES agenda of the current administration in Lagos State. “The agenda revolve around it; the essence of government is to impact on people’s lives,” he said. Hamzat called for positive mind building among Nigerians to enable them to be first class anywhere in the world. “This is why we made education one of our pillars; it is key to development. One of the sons of the late Jakande, Deji, said at the event that his father was selfless. “My father taught us to be content, selfless at all times and render services to humanity,” he said. In his sermon, Saliu Olurungbebe, Chief Imam of Lagos State Secretariat Community Central Mosque, urged Nigerians to be thankful at all times. He hailed Jakande’s contributions to national development, and urged the citizens to emulate his good works.