Mr Erastus Awortu, candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Andoni Local Government Area of Rivers in the April 17 council poll, has pledged to pririotise youth employment if elected as chairman of the council.  Awortu told our reporter on Monday in Port Harcourt that he looked forward to addressing insecurity by initiating robust ‘Human Capital Development Programmes’ for youths in the area. According to him, youth empowerment was crucial to tackling youth restiveness and related social vices currently plaguing the area. “My administration would prioritise human capital development and wealth creation; we shall invest in economic empowerment and youth development through skills acquisition programmes. “This economic model will indeed serve as a permanent solution to the challenges of insecurity, cultism and piracy bedeviling our local communities,” Awortu said. He also commended the huge support from the youths irrespective of political parties, adding that he would establish a ‘youth conscious administration’. “There’s so much to develop in Andoni, there’s so much work to do. There is a huge infrastructure deficit in the area. “Our rural roads among other basic amenities are yearning for urgent attention, so it is a huge task having to do with both human and infrastructure development. “As a grassroots politician, I’ve taken sometimes to study the needs of our people and after a careful study, I realised that the youths need to be empowered in order to reduce crime in our local communities. “So, basically, there’s so much to do and God willing, we will put in our best and support the people as well as set a positive precedence when elected,” he added. Awortu also revealed his plans to kick-start the ward-to-ward campaigns on March 28. “On Sunday, we shall inaugurate the local government campaign council. “The team is expected to take charge of the campaigns across the 11 wards of Andoni local area council. “I am very optimistic of a land slide victory at the polls because Andoni is predominantly a PDP area and I believe that this is going to translate to massive support from the generality of our people,” he added.