AIICO Insurance Plc has launched a one-stop mobile application ‘AIICO Express’ for easy distribution of its products and services, for agents to serve customers better and faster.  Mr Segun Olalandu, Head, Strategic Marketing and Communications, in a statement on Monday, said its salesforce could now leverage the power of the mobile apps to conclude multiple transactions on their phones. “In addition, the secure application offers them a significant opportunity to carry out their business in a flexible, efficient, and convenient manner. “The mobile application was custom-built for the agents and it has numerous features to support their sales efforts. “These features include premium calculations, claims processing, transaction monitoring, policy listing, proposal listing, commission calculations and statements, quote generation, among other exciting and value-adding functionalities,” he said According to him, AIICO Express was built with the capacity to perform both online and offline functions; a very important feature in a market like ours. Commenting on the launch, the Managing Director, AIICO, Mr Babatunde Fajemirokun, said the application is in line with the company’s mission to provide the most compelling customer experience to its fast-growing customer base. Fajemirokun explained that AIICO Express was available on both Android and iOS platform. “Our agents are key stakeholders in reaching these customers and penetrating the complex insurance market terrain in Nigeria. “As an agile organisation, we are confident that our digital transformation roadmap aligns well with the realities of our market. “AIICO Express will boost our agent’s capacity to provide seamless service to both new and existing customers.” Fajemirokun said that investing in innovative technologies to better serve the insurance company’s customers was part of its mission. He said that the insurer would continue to deploy technologies that would differentiate it as a business committed to delivering superior customer experience. The managing director stated that AIICO’s vast agent network, with a footprint across the length and breadth of Nigeria, is a force to be reckoned with in the Nigerian insurance industry. “This is why more people are signing up yearly for entrepreneurship prospects and taking full advantage of the benefits associated with the leading brand,” he said. AIICO Insurance is a leading composite insurer in Nigeria, with over 50 years of delivering quality insurance products and services. Founded in 1963, AIICO provides life and health insurance, general insurance, health insurance and investment management services to create and protect wealth for individuals, families, and corporate customers.