The Senate on Tuesday in Abuja urged the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) to complete the installation of a transmission power sub-station in Okitipupa council of Ondo State.  According to the Senate, completing the installation of the transmission power sub-station is urgent in order to restore electricity to Ondo South Senatorial District comprising Okitipupa, Ilaje, Ese-Odo, Irele and Odigbo Local Government Areas (LGAs). This was contained in a statement signed by Mr Olumide Akinrinlola, the media aide of Sen. Nicholas Tofowomo, representing Ondo South at the senate. He said that the senate acted on the motion filed by Tofowomo on, the urgent need to restore power back to the affected area before the end of the year. The  Senator, who is of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), lamented that the Southern Senatorial District was hosting the Omotosho Power Plant in Okitipupa LGA with a capacity of 512.8MW and 451MW Net since 2005 without residents benefitting from power supply. “The situation is embarrassing  because I continue to wonder if Ondo South is part of Nigeria because suffering from electricity blackout for about 14 years has grounded many economic activities. “Almost 90 per cent of my people have been deprived of electricity since 2007 and since put them uninterrupted darkness. “The district is hosting the Omotosho Power Plant in Okitipupa LGA with a capacity of 512.8MW and 451MW Net  since 2005 without the people benefiting from the distribution of electricity. “The intervention came in 2012 by NDDC in a contract; 132KV transmission and 132KV/33KV sub-station and line were  awarded in Okitipupa LGA. “As at today, 85 per cent of the job has been completed and all the 145 Transmission Line Towers from Omotosho Power Station to the Sub Station has been completed. “The sub-station’s outstanding works remain 15 per cent of which can be accomplished without delay if all the necessary machinery are put in place. “The substation can be ready for transmission to the federal feeders in Irele, Odigbo, Ilaje, Ese-Odo and Okitipupa LGA within the shortest possible time,” Tofowomo told the senate.