The Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Saad Abubakar on Thursday assured corps members of adequate security in Sokoto State.  The sultan gave the assurance when he hosted a select group of the 2021 Batch B, Stream II corps members drawn from the 36 states of the federation and the FCT. This was contained in a statement signed by Alhaji Musa Abubakar, Acting Director, Special Duties, NYSC and issued to newsmen in Abuja on Thursday. It said:” The monarch said it has become imperative that the lives and security of all corps members serving in the state must be prioritized by all the concerned authorities. “This is considering the current security challenges facing the nation, especially the northern region.” The sultan noted that the invaluable contributions of corps members to the people would make impact only when there is peace and the corp members well secured at their respective places of primary assignments. “Hence, I have directed all my council members and District Heads to provide adequate security to the corps members. “And to also adopt every corps member serving in their domains as their son and daughter,” Abubakar said. The sultan implored the corps members to always respect the cultures and traditions of their host communities, in order to enjoy their stay in the state. The sultan further admonished them to execute viable community development projects that will further improve the living standards of their hosts. “Sokoto people are very receptive and accomodating, therefore, feel free to interact and mingle with them during your stay. “We have large numbers of ex-corps members that had stayed back and established their own businesses due to the peaceful and receptive nature of our people. “I urge you not to relocate, so that you too, you can settle down here and create your business empires in the state. “Take advantage like that of your predecessors to start your own businesses here in sokoto, as our doors are always open for visitors to invest in our state. “As you are undergoing your orientation course now, try to partake in all the activities, especially skills acquisition programmes, to be self employed,” he added. Earlier, the State NYSC Coordinator, Muhammad Nakamba, thanked the sultan for granting audience to the corps members. Nakamba told the Sultan that the corps members were at the palace to seek royal blessings and advice that would guide them during the service year and beyond. Nakamba also appreciated the sultan on behalf of the Director- General, Brig.-Gen. Shuaibu Ibrahim, for the support and cooperation that the scheme has been enjoying at all times. He particularly lauded the sultan for his numetous invaluable support to the corps members , especially the donation of cows to them during orientation courses.