Dr Adetokunbo Pearse, a chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), in Lagos State, has urged party’s stakeholders to ensure a restructuring-oriented presidential candidate for the 2023 General Elections.  Pearse, also a public affairs analyst, gave the advice in a statement issued on Friday, in Lagos. He said: “Thankfully the conflict involving the PDP, its National Chairman, Prince Uche Secondus, and some party leaders is being resolved ahead of  its National Convention slated to hold between Oct. 30 and Oct. 31. He harped on the need for PDP to produce an eligible presidential candidate at the convention. According to the PDP scribe, the party’s candidate must be a person who understands Nigeria, Nigerians and what they are going through, more so now that people are very skeptical of politics and politicians. “PDP must realise that 2023 will not accommodate the shameless practice of politics without principles, or clear ideology. “If PDP wants to win the presidency in the next election, the candidate that emerges from its National Convention must be one who has been listening to the People’s yearning that this country must be restructured. “All governors from the South-West, South-East, South-South, with some from North-Central, irrespective of political party affiliations, have endorsed the ideology of restructuring. “Afenifere to PANDEF, Middle Belt Forum, and Ohaneze Ndigbo have all joined the political leaders in clamouring for a new Nigeria where states will have control over their economy and security,” Pearse said According to him still, if PDP wants the opportunity to lead Nigeria again, it must give voters a platform to elect a president who is committed to restructuring the country. Pearse added that such a person must also be known as one who is not a tribal or religious bigot, and must never be an economic illiterate. “It is common practice for politicians to tell the electorate what they know is right and good, but it is left to the electorate to check the record of the political candidate in order to determine the truth. “As we approach 2023, Nigerians should not allow themselves to be misled by sophisticated propaganda and false promises. “Hopefully, the pain and anguish of the recent past have taught us all how to tell the difference between the grain and the shaft,” he said.