An elated Governor Douye Diri has doled out N14 million to the state-owned football club, Bayelsa United, for their victory over visiting AS Ashanti Golden Boys of Guinea in the preliminary round of the CAF Confederation Cup.  The match, played at the Samson Siasia Sports Complex in Yenagoa, saw the youthful Bayelsa team winning by four goals to two. In a statement in Yenagoa on Sunday, Daniel Alabrah, the Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, said “Before the game commenced, Governor Diri had promised to handsomely encourage the players if they emerged victorious. He said the team would get N10m for a win and N1m for any goal scored, a promise he redeemed immediately the game ended. Senator Diri, who congratulated the club for the victory, urged the players not to allow it get into their heads but should rather spur them to more victories. The governor also on Sunday, presented a brand new Coaster bus to the team. He made the presentation to the Commissioner for Sports and Youth Development, Dr. Daniel Igali, and the management of the club in Government House, Yenagoa, before the Confederation Cup game. The governor had during the official reception in honour of the team after winning the 2021 AITEO Cup last month in Benin promised the players a bus. Governor Diri said the state was proud of its teams for bringing glory to Bayelsa. His words: “We made this commitment to our two clubsides, Bayelsa United and Bayelsa Queens. Today I’m happy that it is being fulfilled. “Bayelsa United has done us proud by going continental. We hope and believe that by next year they will qualify for the professional league. “So let me on behalf of the Prosperity Government hand over these keys to the Commissioner for Sports and the management of Bayelsa United.” Speaking after receiving the keys, the Commissioner for Sports, Dr. Igali, said the sports family in the state was extremely delighted to the governor for fulfilling his earlier directive on the bus. Igali noted that with the kind gesture of the governor, the state would not only be known for sports but also for what it has done for its teams. The Sports Commissioner added that the official presentation of the Bayelsa Queens bus would be done soon.