The economic diversification of Anambra will receive top priority in my administration when elected on Nov. 6, Sen. Andy Uba, the governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), has declared.  He made this known on Wednesday in an interview with our reporter in his Uga residence in Aguata Local Government Area of Anambra. Uba said that manufacturing, health and social service sectors would form the bedrock of the government in order improve the living standard of the residents. “Since the creation of Anambra in August 1991, much effort had been geared towards tapping the God-given natural and human resource of the state. I will be pushing these forward to greater heights. “The advantage of aligning with the central government will be an added advantage to be exploited for the good of our people and the state. “The concept of Public Private Partnership will be fully adopted to bring all stakeholders to share in my vision of developing the state into a world class business and investment hub for Nigeria, Africa and the world. “Our people in the diaspora will be afforded conducive environment to participate in our vision and mission for the state. “Their expertise, which is growing other nations, will be harnessed for our infrastructural and social benefits,” he said. Uba said that the health sector would also be revamped so as to make the state a destination for Nigerians instead of going abroad for medical attention, adding that healthy person is a wealthy person. “With my personal experience in the health sector of America, I will transfer such to open up new horizon for Anambra people. “The civil servants, public servants, political appointees will enjoy better health services that is accessible and affordable,” he told NAN. The Senator lived most of his professional life in California, United States of America, where he worked for the Golden State Mutual Insurance of California. With his team, they established a chain of Clinics in different States of the United States that specialized in conducting evaluations for the U.S Government on workers’ compensation claims. On security, Uba said that dialogue and reconciliation would greatly help in resolving all grievances, real and perceived, among residents. “We cannot allow residents to continue to be limited in exhibiting their talents by conflicts and social unrest, it is detrimental to the state and the country. “My administration will ensure that all rights and privileges are enjoyed by all residents irrespective of ethnic or political consideration.” The governorship candidate said that everybody would be carried along during his administration, adding that government policies and programmes are for the people.