Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila, Speaker of House of Representatives, has tasked beneficiaries of HP laptops in Surulere 1 Federal Constituency to make best use of the devices for improved results in teaching.  Gbajabiamila, gave the charge on Thursday at the distribution of 99 laptops to teachers and principals in nine Junior and Senior Secondary Schools in Surulere. He was represented by Hon. Shakirudeen Ajao, APC party leader in the constituency, It was reported that under an educational project initiated by Hon. Gbajabiamila, a total of 242 laptops have so far been distributed in a four-day programme organised for the allotment of the gadgets. Seventy-seven laptops were distributed at the kick-off of the four-day event on Tuesday, while on Wednesday, 66 more teachers and principals benefited. Gbajabiamila noted that the laptops were provided out of clarion call by the teachers when laptops, IPADS and other learning materials were distributed to students. “Honourable Gbajabiamila is passionate about education and the efforts teachers are putting to impart knowledge. “Under this scheme months back, students were given IPADS. He promised to extend same gesture to teachers, and today, it is a promise fulfilled. “I urge you, therefore, to give priority to the purpose for which you are given the laptops. Guard it well, use it for researches; we want good outcomes,” he said. Hon. Sheriff Balogun, a former Sole Administrator and Legislator in Surulere Local Government, said that education is key and essential in strengthening needed human capacity, development and nation building. He reminded the beneficiaries that to “whom much is given, much is expected.” Also Hon. Tajueen Sholanke, who did the official handover of laptops to the Gbaja Girls Junior and Senior Schools, emphasised that the device was not for sale but strictly for academic purpose. “Congratulations to the beneficiaries of this first phase of the HP laptops distribution. I urge you to handle it with utmost care. It must not be sold but rather be used for educational purposes,” he said. Responding, Mr Michael Oladipo, Principal of Adebola Baptist Senior School, Eric Moore, applauded the Speaker for living up to his promises by giving laptops to the instructors. He prayed that his political journey as the number 4 man in Nigeria would record greater achievements in the constituency state and nation Also, Mrs Adenike Adeleke, Principal of State Senior High School, Surulere, expressed delight at the gesture. “Hon. Gbajabiamila has made the beneficiaries digital teachers and we will henceforth upgrade,” she said. It was reported that Hon. Gbajabiamila was represented at the distribution exercise of the laptops by Hon. Agboola Dabiri, Hon. Kabir Lawal, Hon. Afeez Kasumu and Hon. Afeez Odunewu. The beneficiaries were from the Lagos Progressive Junior and Senior, Ipori Grammar Junior and Senior, Itolo Girls Junior and Senior, Eric More Junior and Senior, Government College Junior and Senior schools. Others were from Adebola Baptist Junior and Senior, State Grammar School Junior and Senior, Community High School Junior and Senior, Gbaja Girls Junior and Senior schools.