The Nigeria Meteorological Agency (NiMet) has predicted three days cloudiness and thunderstorms from Monday to Wednesday across the country.  NiMet’s weather outlook released on Sunday in Abuja predicted partly cloudy to cloudy skies over the Northern region with chances of thunderstorms over parts of Taraba and Southern Kaduna in the morning hours. The agency further predicted prospects of isolated thunderstorms over parts of Yobe, Gombe, Adamawa, Bauchi, Taraba, Jigawa, Borno and Kaduna state in the afternoon and evening hours. It forecast cloudy skies with interval of sunshine over the North central states during the morning hours with chances of thunderstorms over parts of Nasarawa state. “There are prospects of thunderstorms over parts of Plateau, Nasarawa, Benue, Kogi and the Federal Capital Territory during the afternoon and evening hours. “The Inland and the Coastal cities of the South are expected to be under cloudy atmosphere during the morning hours. “Rains are expected over the Inland and the Coastal cities, places like Ondo, Ogun, Ekiti, Oyo, Edo, Delta, Akwa Ibom, Rivers, Bayelsa, Cross River and Lagos state in the afternoon and evening hours,” it said. According to the agency, partly cloudy skies are expected over the Northern region in the morning hours on Tuesday with chances of thunderstorms over parts of Taraba state. It anticipated isolated thunderstorms over parts of Bauchi, Southern Borno, Gombe, Kano, Katsina, Kaduna and Taraba state in the afternoon and evening hours. NiMet forecast partly cloudy skies over the North central region with prospects of thunderstorms over parts of Nasarawa and the Federal Capital Territory in the morning hours. “Thunderstorms are anticipated over the entire region in the afternoon and evening hours. “The Inland and the Coastal cities of the South are expected to be under cloudy skies in the morning hours with chances of rains over parts of Akwa Ibom and Rivers state. “Isolated thunderstorms are expected over parts of Ondo, Osun, Oyo, Ogun, Ekiti, Edo, Enugu, Imo, Abia and Anambra state, while rains are expected over the coastal cities in the afternoon and evening hours,” it said. NiMet envisaged cloudy skies with interval of sunshine over the Northern region in the morning hours on Wednesday with thunderstorms over parts of Southern Adamawa state. It forecast prospects of isolated thunderstorms over parts of Yobe, Borno, Gombe, Kebbi, Kaduna, Kano and Bauchi state later in the day. The agency predicted the North central region to be under cloudy skies with prospects of thunderstorms over parts of Nasarawa, the Federal Capital Territory and Kogi state in the morning hours. “Thunderstorms are anticipated over parts of Niger, Plateau, Benue and Kogi state during the afternoon and evening hours. “The Inland and the Coastal cities of the South should be cloudy with chances of rains over Oyo, Ogun, Ondo, Lagos, Cross River and Akwa Ibom state in the morning hours. “Later in the day, there are chances of isolated thunderstorms over parts of Enugu, Ebonyi, Ekiti, Osun, Ogun, Edo and Delta state of the Inland cities, while rains are expected over the Coastal belt of the country,” it said.