Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State has said that the government would partner with Environmental Management Association of Nigeria (EMAN) to prevent and ameliorate various environmental predicaments facing the state.  Ganduje, represented by the state Commissioner of Environment, Dr Kabiru Getso, said this at the EMAN 2021 annual conference in Kano, on Wednesday. He noted that the government had recruited 1,000 sanitation vanguards to ensure strict compliance with environmental laws. “We have keyed into the National Great Green Walls (NGGW) project, funds and lands were provided for the establishment of community tree nurseries and plantations,” he said. The governor said that massive desilting was ongoing to address major and minor drainages in the state to prevent flooding. “We have provided N500 million in counterpart funds and office complex for the state project management unit (SPMU) on Erosion control, water washed management, tree planting, capacity building, and livelihood enhancement,” he said. Ganduje commended EMAN for holding the conference in Kano and urged them to probe into different environmental challenges facing the different geo-political zones of the country and proffer solutions. The Director-General (DG), National Environmental Standards and Regulations Agency (NESREA), Prof. Aliyu Jauro, said the agency had implemented the extended producer responsibility (EPR) programme in Nigeria. “For life cycle of their products and in particular, recycling and final disposal of the products and its packaging. “The agency has developed 33 environmental regulations between 2012 and 2020 and 180 companies were sanctioned for various offences,” the DG said. In a keynote address, Prof. Edwin Osawe-Iguisi, observed that the Nigerian Environment was currently experiencing widespread degradation, due to deforestation, mining activities, urbanisation and unwholesome agriculture. “The country is experiencing high rate of desertification 35 per cent in 11 states over the past 50 years,” he said. Osawe-Iguisi further explained that Nigeria’s environment was challenged by the various ways the environment was being used based on laid down rules and regulations. According to him, pollution and waste were the growing issues for Nigeria, in 2018 air pollution cost 11,200 lives and the country generated 63 million tonnes of waste annually. “Only 30 per cent to 50 per cent of waste is collected with the rest randomly disposed, such that Nigeria has the highest level of plastic production in Africa and rapidly e-waste problem,” he said. The President, Environmental Management Association of Nigeria (EMAN), Prof. Valerie Chinedu-Nnodu, in her address of welcome, said the association would continue to address environmental challenges in Nigeria. According to her, the conference was set out to create awareness and sensitise the public on environmental consciousness and attitudes. “Today, in the world and in Nigeria, the most frequently canvassed issues are sustainable development. “Sustainable livelihood, environmental pollution, renewable energy, environmental governance, national security, climate change and COVID-19,” she said. Chinedu-Nnodu further explained that the conference was advocating a multidisciplinary approach involving all stakeholders, to be committed to improving the environment for both present and future generations. It was reported that various stakeholders participated in the conference.