The Itori High chief, philanthropist and cement business mogul, Chief Kazeem Odeyeyiwa would be turning 50years on the 16th September, 2021 and would be celebrating his 50th birthday in a grand style as he sets to empower the people of Itori Ewekoro domain where he’s a chief in the area of commerce and industry. The Chairman of Repton Group of Company has been reputed for his philanthropic years of service to the people and humanity at large. He has remained in the business of entrepreneurship to create meaningful lives for the young people, lifting the aged from poverty and bringing relief to the needy and vulnerables. Turning 50years this September, Chief Kazeem Odeyeyiwa decides to empower 100 persons with sewing machines, Grinding machines, Generator sets, Hair Dryers etc, to boast their individual business and enhance a decent means of livelihood  knowing fully well that, giving small scale businesses support can enhance economic growth and stability , thereby improving the living conditions of the people. During this empowerment programme, the sum of N10,000.00 would be awarded to 50 aged persons as support. According to him, attaining 50 years  to me is a starting point in life. I have been in the business of making life more abundant for the people since my days in secondary school.  My calling in life centers on changing the narrative and bringing succor to the needy and vulnerable. The last 50years of my life is not enough to turn the world around, I shall dedicate the rest of my life to transform and bring opportunities to the people of the world, he submitted. The spokesperson to the Palace of the Olu of Itori who is the Director of Media and Public Relations,  Prince Yomi Gbadebo has mentioned over the weekend that, the empowerment programme to celebrate the 50th birthday of the Itori High chief would take place on Tuesday 14th of September 2021 at the King’s Court, Itori by 12pm prompt. According to the Palace source, 100 persons would be targeted for this year’s empowerment initiative of the Itori High Chief. Reacting to the news of the empowerment programme, The stylish Itori Egba Monarch,  The Olunla Agbodere & Olu of Itori Egbaland,  Oba Abdulfatai Akorede Akamo described The Babalaje of Itori Egbaland as a navigator and God sent. According to him, we have various Chiefs in different capacities at the Palace, how many of them do we have doing what the Commerce and industry Chief is doing. According to the Oba, he has directed that 100 persons from across the Local Government area under his monarchy must be selected as beneficiaries. He said, the beneficiaries must not be limited to Itori alone, it must cut across the entire Local Government area which is the area under my watch. The Kabiyesi enjoins community lovers and other eminent personalities in the society to emulate the kind gesture and philanthropy of the Babalaje of Itori Egbaland, Chief Kazeem Odeyeyiwa as he brings succor to the people.