The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has expressed readiness for conduct of the Isoko South I state constituency by-election in Delta.  The state INEC Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC) Mr Monday Udoh-Tom, disclosed this when he spoke with newsmen, while inspecting the election sensitive materials at the premises of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) in Asaba on Thursday. It was reported that the Sept. 11 by-election followed the death lawmaker representing the constituency, Mr Kenneth Ogba on June 27. “We are very ready for the by-election. We have trained our staff and we have also brought in a new innovation, which is now called Bimodal Vital Accreditation System (BVAS). “That is what we are going to use and it is going to be used and the BVAS will also be used for the accreditation and authentication of voters in Nigeria,” he said. Udoh-Tom also said that the commission was satisfied with the authenticity of the sensitive materials. He added that agents of political parties and security agents were also on ground to certify the materials. “As you can see, the various political parties agents and security agencies are here. The materials are virgin, they are just being brought out from the box. “The political parties agents and security agencies have inspected them and confirmed that the materials have not been tampered with. “From here, we are moving all the materials to INEC office in Isoko South Local Government Area (LGA) where the election will take place on Saturday,” he said. He said that 12 political parties had fielded candidates for the election. “At first 14 political parties showed interest, but as at today, 12 political parties are going to participate in the election.” Some agents who spoke with our reporter said that they were satisfied with the process. Mr Edede Jonadad, of All Progressives Congress (APC) said he was satisfied with the process so far. Mr Oke Idawene, of Social Democratic Party (SDP) also expressed satisfaction with the process.