Gov. Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa State, has urged Plateau people and Nigerians in general not to allow politicians and elites to incite them into violence.  The governor made the call on Thursday at a condolence visit to Gov. Simon Lalong in Jos to commiserate with him over the loss of lives and properties in August’s attacks in Plateau. He decried the influence of politicians who used crises to champion their interests and said: “Plateau remains the darling of Nigeria; it remains the home of all and should not be destroyed.” Gov. Sule noted that Plateau is a miniature Nigeria where residents co-existed peacefully before its wave of insecurity. He noted also that the state groomed international football players, musicians and set the pace for television programmes, adding that its glory should be retained. Gov. Sule called for mutual understanding among groups in Plateau, saying that the gesture would foster unity and rapid development in the state. “Peace remains the most realistic ingredient of any kind of development. Unless there is peace, there won’t be any other thing going on,” he stressed He commended Gov. Lalong for advocating for peace in Plateau and in other parts in the northern part of Nigeria. He said he also visited Lalong as chairman of the Northern Governors Forum, saying the visit was to encourage him to continue his efforts in spite of setbacks of security challenges in Plateau. He said the visit was also to pray for Lalong for wisdom in the discharge of his duties and for an end to the security challenges in Plateau. Gov. Sule also noted that whatever affected Plateau affected its neighbouring Nasarawa State. Responding, Gov. Lalong thanked Gov. Sule for his concern and solidarity for the government and people of Plateau in their trying period. He also decried the influence of politicians in igniting crisis in the state for their own selfish interest, adding that religious leaders should preach love and tolerance to their followers. “Do not preach hatred based on religion or ethnicity,” he charged. Gov. Lalong decried the use of social media in igniting crisis and urged youths to be responsible in the use of social media platforms while calling on parents to re-orientate their children on the need for peaceful co-existence. He thanked traditional and religious leaders for their support and prayers and urged them to cooperate with the state government in its efforts at putting an end to insecurity in Plateau. It was reported that Gov. Sule also made a donation to Plateau to assist those affected in the attacks. Gov. Sule was accompanied on the visit by the chairman of Nasarawa State Traditional Council, religious leaders and government officials.