Gov. Yahaya Bello of Kogi has urged women to take advantage of the state Health Insurance Scheme to reduce financial burdens during treatment and enjoy quality healthcare service.  Bello, who was represented by the Secretary to the State Government, Dr Folashade Ayoade, made the call in Lokoja during the inaugural symposium on ”GYB Policy on Women Transformation, in Line with Beijing Affirmative Action and launching of Women Advocacy for Social Health Insurance”. He said that the state government had continued to give priority to good health care service delivery especially to women and the less privilege citizens of the state. Bello added that the Kogi Health Insurance Agency (KGSHIA), was created by law to provide an efficient and sustainable mechanism of pooling financial resources for strategic purchasing of health care services to confer optimal financial risk protection to all residents of Kogi State. He cautioned the women not to joke with their health as they remained a fulcrum in the actualisation of a better Nigeria. He, however lauded the gesture of the National Assembly lawmakers representing Kogi East, Sen. Jibrin Ochocho and his Western counterpart Sen. Smart Adeyemi for providing financial support to 1000 pregnant Women each under the state health insurance scheme. “Women are the ones who bear children, It takes a healthy woman to give birth and take care of the baby; It is when you are alive that you can take care of your husband, and children. “I’m urging you all to make use of this golden opportunity and key into the state health insurance agency programme,” he advised. Bello promised that the deduction from salaries of the political office holders as part of pool of fund to support the state health insurance scheme would begin in 2022. He called on all well-meaning individuals and organisations to subscribe to the health scheme to support the less privilege and the vulnerable in the society. Earlier, the State Commissioner for Women and Social Development, Hajia Fatima Buba, expressed her gratitude to God for protecting Kogi from  insecurity. She noted that the symposium was organised to mark the 30th anniversary of the creation of Kogi State, saying, ‘it is all about Kogi our own State’. Buba commended the efforts of the governor in ensuring adequate security for the residents of Kogi, adding that “the state remains unshaken, secured and divinely covered”. She commended the governor for taken the lead in line with the Beijing declaration of 1995 on women affirmation and the implementation of gender policy on women. The commissioner also commended the governor for attaining 35 per cent inclusion of women in governance and in every sector of human development. Buba stressed that a woman in decision-making was empowered politically and by implication economically, noting that the women folks have never had it good as it was, in this present administration. “Our New Direction Agenda purposeful and gender-friendly Governor has since assumption of office been promoting gender equality. “Also ensuring that women are empowered to contribute their quota to the development of the state, bearing in mind that, when a women is empowered, a nation is empowered. “Our own Governor has not only promoted women representation, but has also encouraged women active participation in power structures and in decision making. “His Excellency has also gone out of his way to embark on women-friendly Agricultural Revolution that will impact on the lives of women economically,” she added. Dr Aledare Adekunle, the Executive Secretary, KGSHIA, while speaking on the launching of Women Advocacy for Social Health Insurance, commended the governor for establishing the agency. Adekunle urged the women to take advantage of the social health insurance programme which the state has put in place for them and their households.