Gov. AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq of Kwara on Monday swore-in two new commissioners.  AbdulRazaq, while speaking in Ilorin, charged the new commissioners to be team players and key into the administration’s commitment to rebuild the state for greatness. He said that Kwara is undergoing a rebuilding process, adding that prudence, discipline, team work, and sacrifice had been the administration’s watchwords. “Revenue is drying up. Yet our administration is confronted with huge challenges of human capital and infrastructural development. “To this end, there is the need for an extra effort to lift as many people as possible out of poverty. “Every penny is being channeled to tackle this. The administration has a duty to chart a sustainable course for our state. That is why we can’t afford to be flamboyant or wasteful,” the governor said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the two commissioners are Florence Oyeyemi – Finance, and Harriet Oshatimehin (Youth Development). Oyeyemi, who spoke on behalf of the new commissioners, said they would not take the opportunity to serve the state for granted, describing it as a privilege and honour. “It is a huge privilege we do not take for granted. We will work together as a team with other members of the cabinet and contribute our quota maximally to the development of the state,” Oyeyemi said. The swearing in was attended by the State Chief Judge, Suleiman Kawu; Secretary to the State Government, Prof. Mamman Jibril; Head of Service, Mrs Modupe Oluwole; and Chairman of Kwara APC caretaker committee, Alhaji Abdullahi Samari. In another development, the governor approved the appointment of AbdulGaniyu Sani as the new Accountant General of the state. According to the governor, Sani is a finance expert with decades of experience spanning public and private sectors. He said the appointment followed the conclusion of a process that began with an advertorial announcing the vacancy for the office in line with the law. It was reported that Sani, a native of Ilorin, is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria (ICAN); Nigeria Institute of Management; and Association of National Accountants of Nigeria (ANAN) Other professional bodies are National Institute of Marketing and Institute of Management Consultants. He was until 2020, the Managing Director of the Pan-northern Northern Nigeria Investment Limited (NNIL), a subsidiary of the New Nigeria Development Company Ltd (NNDC), where he was once the Head of the Group Internal Audit between 2006 and 2012. He was also the head of Corporate Services at the NNIL between 2013 and 2019.