Acting Managing Director of the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) Mohammed Bello-Koko says the organisation is poised to leverage Nigeria’s status as Africa’s biggest economy to actualise the country’s maritime hub status in the region.  In a statement issued on Sunday in Lagos by NPA General Manager, Corporate and Strategic Communications, Mr Olaseni Alakija, Bello-Koko disclosed this in Abeokuta, Ogun, at the first retreat for the reconstituted board of directors. The theme of the retreat was “Expanding the Frontiers of Service Excellence.” He noted that investments in modern deep seaports would attract very large merchant vessels with the attendant multiple socio-economic benefits, as well as boost port revenue performance. The statement said Bello-Koko disclosed that a lot had been done, especially in the last few months, to resolve most of the identified constraints to the efficient movement of cargoes to and from ports. Such efforts, he said, were in line with the new direction and measures being put in place to actualise NPA’s aspirations, “Nigeria accounts for about 70 per cent of cargoes imported into West and Central Africa and the country controls an impressive stretch of the Atlantic Ocean. “Nigeria’s rich aquatic endowments and her border with landlocked nations makes development of deep seaports a huge potential revenue earner for the nation. “The move towards earning the status of hub in the region is in line with our new vision statement. “This was adopted at the recent NPA Management retreat with the theme: “To Be The Maritime Logistics Hub For Sustainable Port System In Africa,” he said. The statement said the acting managing director described the board retreat as very timely, as it signposts a unity of purpose and shared vision. According to him, the vision is one in which the executive management works closely with every section, unit, department, division and directorate and embraces an all-inclusive strategic outcome for the organisation with the requisite buy-in of the board. “In appreciation of this, I will like to crave the understanding of the board with regards to the executive management’s limitations in actualising some of our goals and objectives, which I am sure distinguished board members must have noticed in the course of the tour of ports that preceded this retreat,” he added. The NPA boss informed the board that recent interventions made by the authority had led to significant improvement in terms of ship and cargo dwell time at the ports. He, however, explained that some of the benchmarks which were yet to be achieved were dependent on “externalities and variables” that required concerted inter-agency actions. He said that NPA, despite dogged efforts, has yet to optimally achieve the said benchmarks due to systemic administrative constraints and red-tape. He enumerated the constraints as conflicting directives from the agencies operating within the ports and reporting to different supervising ministries with jurisdictional overlaps and duplications of functions. He informed the board that concerted efforts were being made to expand NPA’s revenue streams, in addition to revenue from traditional port operations. According to him, unlike the practice in sister Francophone countries where government funds the dredging of ports, the NPA was responsible for funding its. This, he said, has put a lot of strains on its resources and capacity to invest in critical port infrastructure. “We are facing decaying port infrastructure, for example, sections of the quay aprons or walls at the Tin Can Island Port, Onne, Delta and Calabar Ports are collapsing and require huge funds to repair them. “With the increasing pressure to remit more revenue to the Consolidated Revenue Fund (CRF) of the federation, it has become very difficult to have sufficient funds to attend to these decaying facilities. “There is then the need to explore alternative funding sources outside the traditional port service offerings,” he stated. Bello-Koko explained that the authority was blessed with prime real estates which could serve as alternative funding sources outside the regular budget. “NPA has a lot of high value landed properties in Onne, Snake Island, and Takwa Bay that are designated free trade zones. “They are mostly allocated but burdened by poor arterial road network and other infrastructure to make them attractive for private investments which would bring good revenue to the authority and the Federal Government. “Management will need the support of the board to drive the process of alternative revenue sources to actualise the lofty aspirations of the authority,” he said. The Acting MD also disclosed that management had opened correspondence with some multilateral financial institutions such as the French Development Agency (AFD), African Development Bank (AfDB), European Investment Bank (EIB) and Sanlam Infraworks (a Central Bank of Nigeria approved fund manager for InfraCorp). He explained that these were all part of plans to access long term low interest credits for port infrastructure upgrades and expansion. “In making the Nigerian seaports more business friendly, we have been able to deploy technology to address the perennial traffic gridlock that has been frustrating the conduct of business around the Lagos ports corridor. “A software application code named “eto” is gradually restoring sanity to trucking business despite the initial teething problems and resistance by vested interests hitherto profiting from the chaos. “The authority has accredited 33 private truck terminals within the Lagos area, in addition to the Lily Pond Truck Transit Park and Tin Can Island Port Truck Transit Park, to ensure trucks do not park indiscriminately on the access roads. “The trucks would only be allowed to transit to the port after obtaining electronic tickets via the “eto” call-up platform and the authority is collaborating with the Lagos State Government to ensure enforcement and compliance with the e-call up system, he said. He added that other solutions being implemented was the push to link all seaports to the national rail network, as well as optimise the use of the inland waterways through the transfer of cargo or containers via barges. Bello-Koko said that currently the authority was streamlining barge operations to ensure efficiency, safety and cost effective cargo delivery for increased port revenue. He said that the Bonny Seaport project in Rivers, boosted by two major railway projects, would massively transform the economic landscape of the country, particularly the South-South and South-Eastern regions. “Meanwhile, on the South-Western axis is the Lekki Deep Seaport which should be operational next year. “The two port projects will usher a new vista of economic prosperity and further consolidate the country’s status as a gateway to the African economy,” he noted. Earlier in his welcome address, Chairman of the Board, Mr Emmanuel Adesoye, described the retreat as an opportunity for the board and management to rethink their strategies, structures and systems for effective service delivery. Adesoye said that it was also an opportunity for them to unwind, reconnect and strengthen their bonds as team players committed to upholding excellence. The chairman called for clear and deliberate efforts by the NPA towards efficient operations, competitive and diversified export-driven economy. He also called for a strong and incentive-based system aligned with win-win relationships to enhance profitability and productivity for the concessionaires, NPA and the Nigerian state. Adesoye called for an increase in alternative revenue streams; and effective collaboration based on transparency and constant communication with all relevant stakeholders across the port value chain. The three-day event, which was attended by all board members, attracted seasoned experts in port administration, strategic and creative thinking, stress management, among other relevant subjects. Two former NPA Chief Executives, Chief Adebayo Sarumi and Mr Felix Ovbude, made presentations on their experiences and ideas as port administrators. Former General Manager (Operations), Mr Joshua Asanga, gave a presentation on “Ways To Improve Port Operations Towards A World Class Port Administration”.