The Aviation Security (AVSEC) personnel at the Murtala Muhammed Airport Terminal two (MMA2), has returned a bag containing N2.35 million and other vital documents to Uyo-bound passenger, Mr George Etuk.  The Head, Corporate Communications of MMA2, operated by Bi-Courtney Aviation Services Limited (BASL), Mr Ayotunde Osowe, confirmed the incident in a statement issued in Lagos on Tuesday. Osowe explained that the incident, according to BASL AVSEC Manager, Mr Olatubosun Okeowo, occurred at about 5:15hrs when the passenger who just returned from the United States of America was at the terminal to link up with an Uyo-bound airline. According to him, the passenger was at the Ibom Airline Check-In-Counter alongside other intending passengers and along the line he got carried away and lost concentration on his bag. The MMA2 official said during the CCTV investigation by BASL AVSEC Team, it was discovered that the bag was accidentally picked up by a fellow passenger. “During our CCTV investigation, it was discovered that the bag belonged to Mr George Etuk, which was accidentally picked up by another intending passenger with the same airline. “They were not aware at all. But after the flight was delayed, and the passengers had to find means to relax ahead of the rescheduled time, the anomaly came to the fore. “The other passenger who took the baggage unknowingly, too, had disappeared. On receiving the prompt message, our AVSEC Team immediately took action to unravel what went wrong. “With the aid of the CCTV, we were able to identify what happened and my duty Supervisor and his team quickly went after the Man who picked the bag. “The man was intercepted at the Drop Off Zone area when he was about leaving for a nearby hotel to relax since the flight was rescheduled for 2200hrs,” he said. Osowe said the bag was then retrieved and handed over to the owner who confirmed that the bag content was intact in the presence of the AVSEC duty supervisor with his team, the police and the airline representative. He said the highly elated Etuk, who could not hide his gratitude, expressed appreciation for a thorough job and the professional manner with which the investigation was carried out. The official said their quick intervention was commendable because it saved the day.