The Nigerian Bar Association(NBA),has written a strong worded letter to the heads security agents in the country,demanding justice for slain Police officer ,Corporal Rauf Fawale,35, who was killed on January 23rd, 2021,by the three men of the State Security Service(SSS)  attached  to Osun State office. Also, a human rights activist and Executive Chairman, Centre for Human Rights and Social Justice(CHRSJ) , Comrade Adeniyi Alimi Sulaiman, vowed to ensure justice for slain Police officer, saying that an injury to any Nigerian is an injury to all of us.calling on the authority of the Directorate of the State Security(DSS) to fish out the alleged three(3) operatives for diligent and thorough investigation and subsequent possible prosecution. It would be recalled that  Rauf, father of three, attached to Dada Estate Police station, Osogbo, died in the hospital on 23rd of January,2021, as a result of being beaten to  stupor by three men of DSS led by one David Olowoporoku on January 14,2021. Meanwhile, the family of Late slain Police officer,alleged the State Commissioner of Police,Mr. Olawale Olokode, of not up and doing by leaving them with their fate and also alleged Olokode of shedding inspector Modinat,who had been boasting around the town that she is well connected and nobody could force her to open up on the identities of two remaining killers’ DSS Operatives. It added that Olobu of Ilobu,Oba Ashiru Olatoye Olaniyan has been used to mount unnecessary pressure on the family of Late Cpl.  Rauf Fawale by inviting Pa. Rabiu Fawale, the father of slain police officer, to his palace at the presence of Inspector Modinat and her husband, persuading the deceased family to forget seeking justice for the colossal loss that befell their entire family. It further alleged that refusal of the family to heed the Olubu’s request,had subjected the father,mother, sister and wife of Late Cpl. Rauf Fawale to have been living in fear as they all have been receiving all manners of threat from unknown persons threatening them to conceal the matter or prepare to join Late Cpl. Rauf Fawale where he went untimely. The NBA Osogbo branch,in the Petition Letter  dated 30th of March,2021, and signed by its Secretary of the Human Rights Committee, Barrister Lekan Alabi,which copies were made available to news on Thursday and the letter also forwarded to the Inspector General of Police(IGP), Director General, Directorate of State Security (DSS),Chairman,Police Service Commission(PSC),Executive Secretary,National Human Rights Commission(NHRC),Osun State Commissioner of Police(CP),Osun State Director of State Security Service(SSS),and other authorities concerned. Barrister Alabi disclosed that the  Late Corporal Rauf Fawale was enlisted into the Nigeria Police Force sometimes in 2016 and was serving during his lifetime at Dada Estate Police Station,Osogbo,Osun State,stressing that the family and friends of late Police officer reported that he attended a birthday party organised by another officer called Inspector Modinat on January 14th,2021 at  a popular bar in osogbo called ” Riverside Restaurant/Bar”, adding that late Rauf and Modinat were both serving at Dada Estate Police Station. It was also learnt that a fracas ensued between the celebrant (Inspector Modinat) guests which led to the show of superiority among the men in uniform who graced the birthday party,alleging that the three(3) operatives involved in the fracas descended heavily on late Rauf by hitting him from behind with gun butt and damaged his skull. According to the NBA;” That having seen what has happened ,the celebrant held on tight to one of the DSS operatives, Operative David Olowoporoku and demanded to know why he had smashed Cpl. Rauf, who as at then had already collapsed on the bare floor as a result of the gun butt attack on him ,but Inspector Modinat was consoled to  take things easy and attend to her fallen colleague.On the 15th day of January,2021,one Mr. Tunji with another unknown man,brought and dumped the Late Cpl. Rauf Fawale at the door of his house in Ilobu and hurriedly left. “That late Rauf’s wife,Mrs. Bilikis Fawale demanded an explanation from the two men but they refused to answer any of her questions.Late Rauf could not move at all all as he was helped to lie down on the bed till the 16th day of January,2021 when his wife ,Mrs. Bilikis Fawale called for help upon which one Mrs Hadijat ,one of the siblings to Late Cpl. Rauf Fawale appeared. “The duo moved the Late Rauf to Anuolu Hospital ,Ilobu,Osun State for medical attention but latter on the same day ,Late Cpl. Rauf Fawale was referred to the Osun State University Teaching Hospital(formerly known as LAUTECH) ,Osogbo,Osun State for further and better medical treatment at about 7:30pm on the 16th day of January,2021. “on the 17th day of January,2021, Late Cpl. Rauf Fawale  was again referred from UNIOSUN Teaching Hospital (formerly known as LAUTECH),Osogbo,Osun State to  a brain specialist Hospital called Esho Spine and Brain Hospital at Oke-Fia area,Osogbo,where it was observed  after the X-ray carried out on the Late Cpl. Rauf Fawale’s skull that his skull had been badly smashed and he has just little hope of survival.On the 23rd day of January,2021,the gallant officer,Late Cpl. Rauf Fawale gave up the ghost ,after the family had spent  all they had and even took loan to meet up with financial expenses incurred by the 14th January,2021 incident. Late Cpl. Rauf Fawale’s family and friends lost the grip and became shattered as they lost their only “Bread winner” into the cold hands of death.” They therefore urged the appropriate and concern authority to set up a judicial or administrative panel of inquiry to investigate the perpetrators of dastard act by bringing all the perpetrators to book because the blood of Late Cpl.  Rauf Fawale is crying for justice in the wilderness.