The Afe Babalola University Multi-System Hospital, Ado Ekiti, has successfully carried out its first Gynaecological Laparoscopy to address infertility.  Laparoscopy, also known as diagnostic laparoscopy, is a surgical diagnostic procedure used to examine the organs inside the abdomen. It’s a low-risk, minimally invasive procedure that requires only small incisions. Laparoscopy uses an instrument called a laparoscope to look at the abdominal organs. Tunde Olofintila, Director, Corporate Affairs, Afe Babalola University, said in a statement issued in Ado-Ekiti on Thursday that the surgery was yet another breakthrough by the facility. “The pinhole surgery was carried out on a woman who has been trying to conceive a baby for a long time without success. “The lady had visited many hospitals to correct a medical condition that made it difficult for her ovaries to produce eggs to be fertilised. “The various medications administered on her did not produce the much-desired result. Rather, she developed more serious complications,’’ Olofintila stated. He added that after examination, a surgical team, led by Dr Wole Ayegbusi, concluded that the lady would need surgery on her ovaries to make them produce the required eggs. Dr Ayegbusi is a Laparoscopy Surgeon and Consultant Obstetrician/ Gynaecologist. Other Doctors in the Team were Dr Tolulope Adeyanju and Dr Tosin Olusanya. Olofintila said apart from working on the ovaries, other important procedures/surgeries were carried out on the patient using the same pinhole camera procedure He quoted Dr Ayegbusi as saying that a lot of surgeries could be done in Nigeria using Laparoscopy and it would stem the tide of medical tourism. “The most fascinating thing about the procedure was that the patient walked into the hospital that very morning, was wheeled into the theatre, treated and discharged. “And she walked home at the end of the day. “Besides, she immediately resumed feeding and has since embarked on her daily activities. “This is a paradigm shift from the regular open surgeries where the patient can be in the hospital for days after surgery. “Postoperative pain is a strong and natural concern for patients, but in the instant case, the concerned patient had the adequate provisions to manage pain,’’ Olofintila also quoted Dr Ayegbusi to have said.