The Nigerian Meteorological Agency (NiMet) has predicted sunshine and thunderstorms from Thursday to Saturday across the country.  NiMet’s weather outlook released on Wednesday in Abuja predicted partly cloudy to sunny skies over the Northern region, with chances of morning thunderstorms over Kebbi State on Thursday. It further predicted prospects of isolated thunderstorms over parts of Katsina, Kano, Adamawa, Southern Taraba, Gombe, Bauchi, Kaduna and Sokoto States during the afternoon and evening hours. According to it, the North Central cities are expected to be cloudy with chances of thunderstorms over Kwara, Nasarawa, Niger, Kogi, Federal Capital Territory and Benue during the morning hours. NiMet forecast chances of isolated thunderstorms over parts of Plateau later in the day. It envisaged cloudy skies to prevail over the Inland and Coastal cities of the South, with chances of isolated thunderstorms over parts of Ekiti, Oyo, Osun, Lagos, Ogun, Enugu, Anambra and Imo States during the morning hours. The agency anticipated cloudy skies throughout the forecast period later in the day. “For Friday, partly cloudy skies with intervals of sunshine are expected over the Northern cities in the morning hours. “However, there are chances of isolated thunderstorms over parts of Katsina, Kano, Kebbi, Taraba, Southern Kaduna, Southern Borno, Sokoto, Bauchi and Adamawa States during the afternoon and evening hours. “Partly cloudy to cloudy skies are expected over the entire North Central region during the morning hours,” it said. It, however, predicted chances of isolated thunderstorms over Kwara, Nasarawa, Federal Capital Territory, Kogi, Niger and Benue during the afternoon and evening hours. According to it, partly cloudy to cloudy skies are expected over Inland cities of the South with chances of isolated thunderstorms over parts of Oyo, Ogun, Ondo, Enugu and Imo States later in the day. The agency anticipated the coastal cities of the South to be cloudy in the morning hours. It further anticipated chances of thunderstorms over parts of Rivers, Cross Rivers, Bayelsa, Delta and Lagos during the afternoon and evening hours. “For Saturday, sunny skies with patches of cloud are envisaged over the Northern region during the morning hours. “However, there are prospects of thunderstorms over Taraba, Sokoto, Yobe, Bauchi, Gombe and Borno States during the afternoon and evening hours. “Partly cloudy to cloudy skies are expected over the North Central region with prospects of morning thunderstorms over parts of Kogi, Benue, Nasarawa and the Federal Capital Territory,” it said. The agency forecast chances of isolated thunderstorms over parts of Plateau, Niger and Kwara States during the afternoon and evening hours. NiMet, however, predicted the inland and coastal cities of the South to experience thunderstorm in the morning hours. The agency envisaged chances of thunderstorms over parts of the region later in the day.