President Muhammadu Buhari has rejoiced with Christians on the occasion of this year’s Easter celebration.  The president made his feelings known in a statement issued by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Mr Femi Adesina in Abuja on Thursday. Buhari recalled that a year ago, “in most of our major cities, our celebrations were somewhat subdued, as we battled the effect of the deadly coronavirus pandemic. “The restrictions meant that our brethren could not attend traditional church services as they would have wished. I salute their resilience and understanding. “Today, we are able to congregate and worship together, cautiously.” He also acknowledged and appreciated the sacrifices of the nation’s doctors, nurses and other frontline health workers, “who have made the difference in saving lives and ensuring the reduction of the spread of the virus. “I thank Nigerians who have religiously adhered to various interventions to curb the spread of COVID-19, including regular hand washing, safe distancing, wearing of face masks, and embrace of vaccination. “We are united in our belief that if we do the right things, take the right decisions and act responsibly, the pandemic, like others before it, will no longer be a threat.” According to the president, as Christians celebrate Easter, it is an opportunity to renew hope and faith, show love and appreciation to one another and not to despair, no matter the challenges of the period. “As a government, we will continue to ensure that the weak, the poor and the underprivileged in our midst are not abandoned. “We have reached out with palliative care even in the midst of dwindling resources, we have tried our best to provide support to families and businesses affected at this time. “That is the spirit of Easter, the spirit of Faith, the spirit of Belief, the spirit of Hope,” he added. The president equally commended the law enforcement and military personnel who continue to confront evil-minded individuals through the darkest of nights to keep the nation and all citizens safe. “I am convinced that the new resolve within the security personnel to make sure that insecurity in the country becomes part of our history will come to pass. “We should not allow the antics of a few mischief mongers to fragment the unity and faith that the vast majority of citizens of this country cherish and believe in. “As I have said before, we are better and stronger as one nation under God. “I congratulate our brothers and sisters once again on this occasion and wish everyone a Happy Easter celebration,” he said.