Chevron Nigeria Ltd. (CNL) said on Tuesday that it had contributed over N26 billion under NNPC/Chevron Joint Venture to the Egbema-Gbaramatu Communities Development Foundation (EGCDF) since 2005.  Mr Esimaje Brikinn, Chevron’s General Manager Policy, Government and Public Affairs, disclosed this during the inauguration and handover ceremony of one of the 11 projects executed by the EGCDF in Effurun, near Warri. Brikinn was represented by Mr Sam Daibo, Chevron’s Area Manager Field Operations. He said that the fund was released under it’s General Memorandum of Understanding (GMoU) with the foundation to execute projects in the oil producing communities. The general manager said that the fund had been invested in about 600 programmes, including scholarships as well as building of new schools, medical facilities and housing. “I am happy to be part of the inauguration and handover of 11 infrastructure projects completed by the EGCDF under our GMoU. “EGCDF, funded by the NNPC/CNL joint venture and partnering the Delta Government and other stakeholders has executed these projects to improve the quality of life of the people in the communities. “These 11 projects inaugurated recently which includes: portable water, housing units and renovation of cottage hospitals among others, cost over N564 million. “The greatest success of the GMoU is in meeting the objective of making communities take the driver’s seat in their own development,” he said. Brikinn said that in partnership with stakeholders, the company would continue to work at improving the process that had been acknowledged as an industry best practice. “Another area wher we seek stronger partnership through the GMoU is in the reduction of environmental degradatuin through oil theft and vandalism. “CNL supports global efforts to reduce gas flaring and carbon emissions. “In furtherance, we will continue to invest in our operations to improve environmental performance while working with industry to develop new innovations and best practices,” he stated. The general manager thanked the Delta government for creating enabling business environment for CNL, smooth implementation of the GMoU and other social investment programmes. He gave the assurance that CNL would continue to have honest and transparent relationship with the state government and the host communities. Earlier in his address of welcome, the Chairman of EGCDF, Mr Jude Ukori, said the foundation had inaugurated 10 projects between April 15 and April 16, in Gbaramatu and Egbema kingdoms. “Nevertheless, today being the grand finale, we are inaugurating the EGCDF secretariat complex gatehouse, landscaping and fencing. “The project and others recently inaugurated are among the 17 projects awarded by this administration in September 2020, except those of Kokodiagbene and Adagbarasa which we inherited from the previous cycle. “This administration is rounding up by the end of April. I must say that our source of funding remains CNL/NNPC joint venture. “We honestly owe them an obligation to secure their facilities in our domian and provide enabling environment for their smooth operations,” Ukori said. He thanked the state government for sustaining the GMoU and providing the enabling environment for the oil company’s operations.