The Honourable Commissioner for Youth and Sports, Dr. Oluwadare Kehinde Hacco in company of the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry, Engr. Olayiwola Abiodun and the Director of the Ogun State Sports Council, Mrs Rotimi Iyabo paid a solidarity visit to the Camp of the Ogun State Contigents at the Aminu Kano Hall of the University of Benin, Benin City, Edo State. Delivering the Goodwill Address on behalf of *His Excellency, Prince Dr. Dapo Abiodun, MFR,* the Honourable Commissioner charged them to put in their best in the competition and be good Ambassadors of the State. He noted that Ogun State is known for excellence and that they should strive to maintain the record. He reminded them that the State Government had dipped hands into the coffers to sponsor them to the Festival inspite the dwindling economy of the State and other matters demanding for Government’s attention. He enjoined them that the only way they can appreciate the State Government is to come back with laurels. He furthered that the State will definitely reward good efforts and encouraged the athletes to thrive for medals in their various sporting activities. On the issue of welfare, the Honourable Commissioner submitted that the State Government has released fund to cater for their welfare during the festival and that all inadequacies currently being experienced will be improved upon. He mentioned that apparatuses had been set in motion for the immediate payment of their allowances which was delayed due to the Easter Holiday. Whilst appreciating the Honourable Commissioner for the early morning Visit, the  Paralympic Athletes appealed to the State Government to look into the issues of their Contracts as this will motivate them furthmore. So far at the ongoing festival which will be declared opened later tonight at 7pm by His Excellency, Vice-President  Professor Yemi Osinbajo, the Ogun State Contigents had won a Gold Medal in Taekwondo, a Silver Medal in Badminton while the Female Wrestlers are already at the Final Stage of their Challenge.