The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) says it has approved 62 additional voter registration centres in Delta.  The state’s Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC), Mr Monday Udoh-Tom, made this known at a training programme on the basics of Online Registration and Demonstration of the process for Heads of Departments and Electoral Officers on Wednesday in Asaba. It was reported that Delta had 26 registration centres across the state before the approval of the 62 additional ones. Udoh-Tom said that the essence of the training was ensure that the participants got acquainted with the modern technology being introduced in the ongoing Continuous Voter Registration (CVR) exercise. He said: “Today, we are carrying out training exercise for heads of departments, electoral officers from the 25 local government areas of the state, including myself. “The purpose of the training is to ensure that the participants get acquainted with the new technology introduced by INEC to carry out the continuous voter registration exercise.” He said that the Commission had introduced a new technology, “INEC Voter Enrollment Device (IVED)” and portal for online registration. According to him, the new device will be used for capturing every person that wants to be registered as a voter. “This device is different from the ones we have been using before now because it is going to capture both the fingerprint and the facial. “On the day of election, if the fingerprint fails, the facial will not fail. This device will make the system faster and transparent,” he said. He said that at the end of the ongoing online registration, those who enrolled still needed to come to the various approved registration centres for physical registration. “This will enable our officials to capture their biometrics for their Personal Voter’s Card(PVC),” he said. Udoh-Tom further said that the ongoing Continuous Voter Registration was for those who are 18 years old and above who had not registered before. He said that the exercise was also for those who needed to replace their lost or damaged voter cards as well as those who wanted to relocate to other locations. The REC commended the people of Delta for their cooperation in the last few months. Udoh-Tom called on traditional rulers to further enlighten their subjects on the exercise. According to him, Continuous Voter Registration is one of the key components of the Commission’s mandate of compiling and maintaining register of voters.