Prof. Jacob Gbadeyan, a renowned Mathematician and Acting Dean, Faculty of Physical Sciences, University of Ilorin (Unilorin), says Mathematics is not a difficult subject.  Gbadeyan made the assertion on Monday while speaking with newsmen in Ilorin, noting that the deep-seated phobia for the subject among students was unfounded and unnecessary. He said the belief among some people that Mathematics is a difficult subject is an untenable proposition and unscientific position. He added that Mathematics is just like any other subject, which could be understood by anyone who was interested in knowing the intricacies surrounding the subject. According to him, phobia for Mathematics is unnecessary also a product of a few individuals who have been unable to dedicate their time and energy to the espousal of the subject as they do to other subjects. “Mathematics is a simple subject to comprehend and deal with. “Some people erroneously believe that Mathematics is difficult to comprehend. There are others who also find one or two other subjects difficult for various reasons many of which are man-made,’’ he said. Gbadeyan explained that everyone is a Mathematician in one way or the other as there is no one that does not deal with figures in his daily life. He explained that in reality no one could do away with Mathematics as it was all about life. Gbadeyan, who is also the Chairman of the Igbomina Community in the Unilorin, added that Mathematicians are not necessarily born but are, more often than not, made courtesy of determination and consistency. He expressed joy that Mathematics had been made compulsory as a requirement for students wishing to study any subject at the university level. He believed that with that policy, everyone would give deserved attention to the subject since they know that they were going nowhere without a Credit pass in the subject. On what could be done to enhance teaching and learning of Mathematics, he enjoined employers of labour to make sure that only those who were professionally trained and certified to teach Mathematics were engaged to teach the subject at all levels of education. Gbadeyan decried a situation where graduates of Geography, Economics, Engineering and Sciences were engaged to teach Mathematics in secondary schools. “This practice is the foundation of the fear created in Mathematics as a subject among students,” the academic said. He added that those who underwent specific training in Mathematics were more imbued with the knowledge and exposure needed to inculcate such knowledge in others. He urged students not to run away from Mathematics because they would always need its knowledge. The Mathematician advised students to face their studies squarely without allowing any form of distraction. He enjoined them not to be discouraged with contemporary unencouraging situations but be determined to study and graduate with fascinating classes of degrees. He stressed that opportunities would always come the way of those who excelled in their studies and subsequent careers. Gbadeyan also urged students to cultivate the habit of assisting their parents in whatever they do as a way of encouraging such parents to fend for them the more and also in order to equip themselves for the future.