The Aare Onakakanfo of Yorubaland, Chief Gani Adams, has urged Federal Government to investigate the circumstances surrounding alleged attack on the Ibadan residence of a Yoruba activist, Chief Sunday Adeyemo (a,k.a Igboho} on Thursday.  It was reported that news of the alleged attack on the house of ‘Igboho’ in Ibadan by gunmen filled the media space on Thursday. Adams, in a statement on Thursday by his Media Aide, Kehinde Aderemi, described the attack as ugly and unfortunate, urging the government to bring perpetrators to book. According to him, the attack led to the death of eight persons, with wantom destruction of the activist’s property. The Aare condemned the incident in strong terms, saying the attack was a ploy to silent him from expressing his views on the state of the nation. Adams charged the federal government to investigate the circumstances surrounding the ugly incident and bring the perpetrators to book. “The attack on Sunday Igboho’s house is most unfortunate. It is a reflection of the fact that our lives as Nigerians are of no value to the government. And the truth is that nobody is safe in this country, “The recent attack was the second in six months. The first was in January when his Soka residence was razed by unknown arsonists. And up till date,nobody had been apprehended in respect of the ugly incident. “The two attempts at Igboho’s houses within six months cannot be said to be ordinary. They were ploys to cow him and frustrate him, “We cannot continue to live in fear and trepidations. We cannot continue to live in perpetual crisis where our lives and property are not secure,” Adams said. He said that those behind the two attacks should be warned that any attack on Igboho was an attack on all that are in the struggle for the liberation of Yoruba race. “The video clip of the attack on Sunday Igboho’s house was a show of death and destruction. About eight people were allegedly killed in the attack, with wantom destruction to his property,” he added. Adams said that he would never support anything that negated the law or anybody that disobeyed the law.