The PDP Governors’ Forum has urged the National Assembly to entrench electronic transmission of result of elections into the nation’s electoral law.  The call was contained in a 10-point communique issued at the end of the Governors’ Forum meeting, on Monday in Bauchi. The communique read by the Chairman of the Forum, Gov. Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto State, said the call was part of resolutions adopted at the meeting. “On the Electoral Act Amendment Bill, the Governors identified with the need for a free, fair and credible elections in the country and called on the National Assembly to entrench Electronic transmission of results of elections in the nation’s electoral jurisprudence,” the governors said. The governors urged the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), to deploy appropriate necessary technologies to ensure that votes of the electorates count in future elections. They also called on the Nigeria Communication commission (NCC), the Universal Service Provision Fund (USPF), Nigerian Communications Satellite Ltd (NIGCOMSAT), Telephone Companies (Telcos) and other relevant stakeholders, to ensure access of Information and Communication Technology (ICT) services were provided in rural areas before the 2023 general elections. The Forum condemned attempt to foist on all political parties one method of conducting primary elections which was by direct method through the Electoral Act Amendmend Bill. “The Governors noted that the method was prone to massive rigging and such other electoral malpractices as evidenced in the 2018 APC primary elections. Political parties should be allowed to decide their method of conduct of primaries as such would promote internal democracy.” The governors also appealed to the Federal government to collaborate with the state governments to stem the raging unemployment affecting the youths through technology and increased production in all field of human endeavour. “Government should stop paying lip service on the Ease-of-Doing Business as foreign direct investments have continued to fall partly due to obstacles placed on foreign companies wishing to invest in Nigeria. “A classical example is that of the FACEBOOK which indicated interest to invest in Nigeria but is being frustrated by regulatory agencies,” the governors said. They further called on Federal Government to bring the activities of bandits, kidnappers and  terrorists to an end through increased use of military equipments, traditional means of conflict resolution and technology of surveillance. The Governors’ Forum enjoined all Nigerians to take advantage of the ongoing Voter Registration exercise by INEC, to prepare themselves with the necessary tools in the struggle to ensure free and fair electoral process. “Furthermore, the general public, especially our youths and women are implored to use the opportunity of the PDP e-Registration exercise which will kick off soon, to register as PDP members, while PDP members should update their membership electronically.” It was reported that the meeting was attended by Governors Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia; Udom Emmanuel of Akwa Ibom, Douye Diri of Bayelsa, Samuel Ortom of Benue and Ifenyi Okowa of Delta. Others were Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu,; Nyesom Wike of Rivers, Abiodun Makinde of Oyo, Umaru Ahmadu Fintiri of Adamawa, Godwin Obaseki of Edo, Bala Mohammed of Bauchi, Darius Ishaku of Taraba, and the deputy governor of Zamfara State, Alhaji Mahdi Mohammed.