Gov. Abubakar Bello of Niger has inaugurated the 2.4 kilometres broadcasting road in Minna on Monday at the cost of N1.3 billion.  Bello, during the official inauguration said that the project was constructed by Messer Soject Nigeria Limited. According to him, one of the priorities of his administration is to develop critical infrastructure that are cardinal to economic development in the state. He said that the project was awarded at the initial cost of N1.2 billion but due to increase in scope and variation in prices, the contract was completed at N1.3 billion. The governor said that the project would help to ease vehicular movement and free flow of traffic on the route as it linked to other roads within Minna. He also said that the road would open up new areas and afford people fresh opportunities to strive and increase socio-economic activities along the corridor. “This administration has done so much in road rehabilitation; construction of over 40 civil engineering and completion of over 80 mechanical and electrical projects across the state. “There are electrification and installation of transformers in the rural areas, while over 30 projects in the public building sector have been completed such as construction of Fire Service and Police Stations,’’ he said. Bello gave the assurance that government would sustain the momentum of delivering projects that have direct bearing on daily activities of the people. In his address, Alhaji Mamman Musa, the Commissioner for Works, said the project was executed under supervision of the ministry as part of government’s efforts to improve critical infrastructure across the state. Musa said that the road was inadequate for the volume of traffic causing delays which necessitated the dualisation of the road. He disclosed that the project was executed under the N25 billion SUKU/private bond programme captured in the 2020 budget. He said that the project include; payments of compensation and relocation of utilities such as water mine’s and electricity installations. He added that the scope of the project include; milling of existing bituminous surface, concrete works in median, side drains, laterite in sub-base, crushed stone base, asphalt concrete binder and finishing.