The Isokan Yoruba, a United Kingdom based Yoruba socio-cultural group, has taken a swipe at a Yoruba monarch, the Olowu Kuta and Chairman Supreme Council of Owu Obas, Oba Hameed Makama, for his  inordinate stance on current manhunt for self acclaimed Yoruba self determination agitator, Chief Sunday Adeyemo, Igboho. This was contained in a statement issued and signed by President and General Secretary of the group, Chief Akinola Rufus and Mr. Ilelaboye Akinnagbe, respectively on Monday.  Men of the Department of State Security (DSS), swooped on Igboho’s  residence, killed two, arrested some and vandalised his property in a nucturnal raid. Sequel to the clampdown, the Federal Government had declared Igboho wanted, thus attracting kicks from groups and individuals across the globe. But the Owu monarch, Oba Makama has said the Yoruba nation agitator, Ighoho, should give himself up to the DSS, saying it is the honourable thing to do. Reacting, the Isokan Yoruba group said the monarch goofed and call for a retraction of his statement , which it viewed as ” a position of an attention-seeking glutton, pursuing bread and butter at the expense of his race.” According to the group, the Owu monarch “is running a lone race to the destruction of his people and with a very dire consequences.’ Isokan Yoruba warned that the Yoruba race will not spare anybody going against the popular agitation for a Yoruba nation, which according to the group, came as the last alternative after the popular call for a true federalism seems to have hit a brick wall. “We should view the ongoing clamour for a Yoruba nation as the last hope for our race and the manhunt for Chief Sunday Adeyemo Igboho as a a siege on the Yoruba race. Any attack meted out to Igboho is direct attack on Yoruba people and will be resisted by all of us. “Igboho is a symbol of our people. He can have his foibles, just like all of us. He is human and susceptible to make mistakes. Buy on the present manhunt, we are not seeing his image but the struggle he represents, which is the popular stance of the overwhelming majority of the Yoruba people. We shall shield him, we shall support him, we shall fight for him, win or sink with him on this course which he championed for the good of all of us. “We are tired of a Nigeria that promises no hope for our race; a Nigeria that is daily plundering our economy, raping, maiming and killing our people so indiscriminately. We shall fight with Igboho until our freedom is delivered,” Score of Nigerians, including school children, are in  kidnappers’ and bandits’ dens. The government claims knowledge of their whereabouts but cannot go after them to rescue these hapless citizens. Same government is swift to invade Igboho’s house midnight. Shame! The group said. “We call on Oba Makama, to as a matter of urgency, withdraw his terrible statement and tender unreserved apology to the Yoruba people or be ready to face the people with his pro-evil position on a race so battered and traumatised by the ruling bigots whose intention is to render us frustrated and useless, by turning our land to undeserved war zone.” Oba Makama who could not deem it to issue a press statement to condemn barbaric killing of one of his colleagues, Oba Israel Adeusi, The Olufon  of Ifon, Ondo State by the fulani bandits. Recently, another prominent King was kidnapped in Ekiti State, no statement from him. The same way he antagonized the EndSARS protests by supporting dastardly acts  of Nigerian Army. Therefore, the entire Yorubaland should beam their searchlights to him, he’s not of one us, he’s a sellout.  However, Isokan Yoruba said it expected Oba Makama to sympathize with Igboho over his aides Killed by the DSS and his vandalised property. The monarch had told Igboho to dialogue with Federal Government, stressing that nobody ever discussed secession at Yoruba council of Obas, just as he expressed his believe in the corporate entity of this country.  When did Oba Makama become the spokesman of Yoruba council of Obas? Oba Makama he’s known as a Government contractor and Hausa/Fulani apologist. Oba Makama said: “No serious government will like to see his country in turmoil, noting that the separatist struggle is like waging arms against the state.”He added: “Rather than calling for secession, I would support restructuring because if you restructure, then you can devolve power. If power is devolved, there will be more money.