Ahead of the Ward Congress of the All Progressives Congress (APC), stakeholders in Borno have unanimously adopted consensus method in the election of party officials at all levels in the state.  It was reported that the decision was reached during a Critical Stakeholders meeting of the party held on Tuesday in Maiduguri. The state Deputy Governor, Alhaji Umar Kadafur, moved a motion for the adoption of consensus for the congresses and seconded by one Abdu Musa. The motion, thereafter, was put to voice-vote where all the stakeholders including members of National and State Assemblies as well as local council chairmen unanimously adopted the motion. Earlier in a remark, Gov. Babagana Zulum urged members of the party to observe and adhere strictly to the rules and regulations of the party to guide conduct of the congresses. Zulum noted with concern how non compliance with the party’s rules and regulations in some states resulted to litigations that affected its chances in the previous general elections. He urged the members to shun acts capable of threatening the unity of the party in the state. In his remarks, Sen. Maina Ma’aji, a former governor of the state who participated in the meeting, described consensus as the best method that would further unite and make the party strong in the state. Ma’aji said the stakeholders were satisfied and convinced that there was no desire by the governor or apex leadership of the party to impose their interest or candidate on the party in the state. “What you observed inside the hall is laying the foundation of a united, strong and purposeful congress,” he said. Also speaking, the immediate past governor of the state, Sen. Kashim Shettima, said the stakeholders resolved as a family and adopted consensus in accordance with the provisions of the party’s constitution. “Be rest assured; the leadership that will emerged would be all inclusive and all embracing. “All segment of our party will have a sense of belonging. We have always acted as one political family in Borno,” Shettima said. In his contribution,  Sen. Ali Ndume said that consensus was the best way to go, and expressed the hope that things would go smoothly. “In Borno we are used to it. We have good leadership and unity among us,” he said. On his part, the Chairman of the party in the state, Alhaji Ali Dalori, expressed satisfaction with adoption of consensus and urged party members to work towards hitch free congresses.