Zoho Corporation, a global technology company on Tuesday announced its free online invoicing solution, ‘Zoho Invoice’ to further extend the company’s support for Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs).  Mr Andrew Bourne, the Corporation’s Regional Manager, Africa said in a statement that the company’s decision reinforced its support for the SME community and would allow business owners to simplify billing and payment processes. According to him, digital invoice also helps companies receive payments faster. Our correspondent reports that digital invoice makes life easier. It replaces the tedious processing of paper invoices and manual processes, with an innovative, simple, automatic and secured method of conducting businesses. Bourne said that Zoho Invoice’s revenue growth had rapidly increased, demonstrating the need for a comprehensive invoicing solution to aid businesses from any industry to shift from manual to digital. According to him, due to the pandemic, SMEs have decided to modernise their invoicing processes at an accelerated rate. “We launched Zoho Invoice in 2008, with the goal of providing a fully customisable invoicing solution for businesses of all sizes; since then we have  grown to millions of users worldwide. “Through the migration from paper-based invoicing to digital invoicing we have seen the need for simplified billing to fit the customised needs of the SME community. “Our roots are centered around helping the SME community which has supported Zoho from the beginning, and we understand the challenges that SME’s have had to undergo that were onset from the global pandemic. “We hope offering Zoho Invoice for free continues to help businesses rebuild and grow amongst challenging times that they face today and for the future,” he said. Bourne said that to continue the company’s support of the SME community, Zoho Invoice also  offering advanced capabilities such as time tracking, auto recording of expenses and project billing,. He said that it offered over 30 real time reports to help freelancers and small businesses easily navigate the billing and payment collection process, without the concerns for cost. According to him, the benefits of the digital invoice include tax handling, simplified billing, automated payments reminder, instant report, time tracking among others.