The Medical Director, Ikorodu General Hospital, Dr Taiwo Hassan, says children should be encouraged to embrace physical activities and healthy eating habits to reduce their risk of obesity. Hassan said this during the Health Talk with Dara and Career Day programme with the students of Fruitful Ville Montessori School, Ikorodu, on Friday in Lagos. The programme was themed: “Health and Wellness Activities for Kids: Role of Children in Building a Healthy Society.” Hassan was represented by Dr Sunday Luro, the acting Head, Department of Medicine, Ikorodu General Hospital. He said children should be encouraged to reduce intake of sugary and frizzy drinks, while parents should assist to moderate their foods to suit their growing needs. According to him, there are common illnesses during the course of their childhood that could be prevented by boosting their immunity and encouraging them to embrace sound hygiene practices. He said the hygiene practices should encapsulate their personal and environmental hygiene. “The best way to incorporate an attitude in an individual is to embrace it from childhood, in order to become a healthy and responsible adult that would promote the good of society. “They must not litter the environment because if they do that, they give room for germs to grow, tidiness in the house and also observe good respiratory habits to reduce spread of infectious diseases. “Before, we used to say cough or sneeze into handkerchief but science has evolved; now, we advise the use of tissue papers as the standard practice and proper disposal after use. “Being responsible is considering the impact of your actions and protecting other people around you,” he said. Also, Dr Efe Aigbirio, surgeon at Jobi Hospital, Ikorodu, advised the students and parents against self-medication in treating sicknesses. Aigbirio stressed the importance of consulting a medical professional before starting any medicine. She also advised the students to follow their dreams and be resolute in achieving their goals in life. Similarly, Mrs Folasade Ikuomola, Head Teacher, Fruitful Ville School, said the Career Day was done annually by the school to introduce the students to different professions in society. Ikuomola said the health talk initiative was done by Miss Darasinmi Odewunmi, a pupil of the school, in fulfilment of her pledge to improve the health and wellness of students in the school. “When Dara won the position of Assistant Health Prefect, she promised to invite health professionals to give a health talk that will help all students. “The knowlege and exposure has been thrilling for the children, and we expect that they all improve on their personal and environmental hygiene based on the talk,” she said. Commenting, nine-years-old, Miss Darasinmi Odewunmi, whose dream was to become a physiotherapist, said that she was passionate about educating children on the importance of inculcating healthy habits early in life. The News Agency of Nigeria reports that hospitals that partnered the school for the health talk were Ikorodu General Hospital, Oak Hospital, Jobi Hospital, Holyfill Hospital, Palmville Medical Centre and Excellence Hospital.