The Corps Marshal, Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Dr Boboye Oyeyemi, has called on motorists to take safety seriously, especially during the Eid-el-Kabir celebrations slated for July 20 and 21.  Oyeyemi made the call in a statement by the Corps Public Education Officer (CPEO) Assistant Corps Marshal (ACM) Bisi Kazeem, on Monday in Abuja. The Corps Marshal assured members of the public that the ongoing FRSC’s special patrol across the country was intended to ensure safety. He said this included orderliness and discipline among road users before, during and after the celebration. Oyeyemi urged Muslims to learn from the obedience and trustworthiness exemplified by Prophet Ibrahim as was observed through the sacrifice. He said this should be done by showing discipline and consideration for other road users in order to avoiding road traffic crashes. Oyeyemi said that adequate operational measures have been put in place across the country. According to him, this included deployments of monitors from the national headquarters of the Corps to create safer road environment for all road travellers toward safe and smooth celebration. The Corps Marshal explained that the special patrol teams have been given strict directives not to tolerate acts of indiscipline by recalcitrant drivers. He warned that appropriate sanctions would be applied against any violator of traffic rules and regulations during the special operations to serve as deterrence for others. Oyeyemi noted that directives had been given to the teams to put special focus on certain identified offences including wrongful overtaking, use of phone while driving, drivers licence violation, lane indiscipline. He added that the Corps would embark on prompt removal of rickety vehicles. “Obstructions from the road and sanctioning of drivers with expired/worn out tyres and those that operate without spare tyre among other offences,” he said. The Corps Marshal enjoined members of the public to cooperate fully with the patrol teams and other volunteers in the operations. He urged the public not to hesitate to report cases of road mishaps and other emergencies to the FRSC through the national emergency number – 122. “You can also report directly to the studios of the National Traffic Radio (NTR) through numbers 08056294021 or 08056295022 for a prompt response,” he said.