The University of Lagos Staff School, Idi Araba Annex, has called on parents to buy books for their children and encourage them to read the books.  The school also advised parents to read the books together with their children. Dr Julilet Adesinmi-Ajayi, the Headmistress of the University of Lagos Staff School, Idi Araba, made the call on Thursday in Lagos during a public presentation of books written by eight of the school’s pupils. The event, tagged “Public Presentation of Story Books by Young Authors of University of Lagos Staff School”, was to appreciate the writers. The books presented included: ‘Crown on the Street’ by Aishat Habeeb, ‘Tales of Two Kingdoms’ by Erioluwa Salako and Laurel Salako; ‘Acts of Our Words’, by Akindipe Iranlowo and ‘Always Come Back Home’, by Abiola Iyiola. Others included ‘Silver Spoon in the Moon’ by Abiodun Erioluwa, ‘Voices in the Noise’ by Rahmat Braimoh and ‘Diary of a Nigerian Teenager’ by Ms Oyedele Temitope. Adesinmi-Ajayi said that when parents read books with their children, the children would be better disposed to fully internalise the contents, and possibly write articles from the books. She said the pupils’ feat was achieved through the school’s mentorship programme, which according to her, has become a signpost. Adesinmi-Ajayi said that the feat would not have been a reality if not for the unrelenting efforts of the members of staff. She noted that the teachers were able to identify and nurture the writing skills of the young authors. “They brought their imaginations together to write story books that will teach morals to shape the society. “Since the inception of the Art Club by Mrs Ifetayo Ifedamisi-Ambali, pupils between the ages of seven to 12 have written more than 50 story books that are very inspiring. “Our pioneer authors have grown and are doing well in their chosen careers in Nigeria and in the diaspora,” she said. Adesinmi-Ajayi charged parents on child mentorship, adding that children emulate what they see faster than what they were asked to do. She said that parents should be interested in what the child reads and ask them to explain the thrust of books read and do assignments from it. She explained that such a practice would engender the act of reading and writing easily in the children. Similarly, the Deputy Headmistress of the school, Mrs Eunice Adedoyin-Akinade, said that the academic excellence of the pupils were being improved upon every session with various learning techniques adopted to advance pupils cognitive ability. Also, Mr Akin Arowolo, a Chief Launcher for the books, said that the young authors and their teachers would do more if encouraged by buying the books. Erioluwa, one of the authors, said that her dream of writing books was spurred by her parents who always bought books for her to read. The Basic-5 writer said that she would build her career around book writing, especially prose that people could learn from.