Sen. Aliyu Wamakko (APC-Sokoto), on Wednesday, called on Nigerians to support government efforts in addressing the security challenges bedeviling the country.  Wamakko, a former Governor of Sokoto State, made the call during the finals of Hausa Poetry Competition on Security Challenges in Northern Nigeria, organized by Usmanu Danfodiyo University, in Sokoto. He said ensuring the security of lives and properties should be a collective responsibility of all citizens. ”It is only when all hands have been put on deck that the menace of insecurity in the country can be adequately tackled,” Wamakko said. The senator stressed the need for citizens to provide credible intelligence information to security agencies to help tackle the security challenges effectively. Wamakko, who is the Chairman, Senate Committee on Defence, advised the university to institute an Endowment Fund for the translation of scientific and engineering books into Hausa language. He pledged to support such initiative, and noted that no nation can develop while relying on foreign languages. The senator cited countries like China, Korea and Japan that have fully developed because they heavily relied on their local languages. In his message, the Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Sa’ad Abubakar, represented by the District Head of Gagi, Alhaji Sani Umar-Jabbi, described the theme of the competition as apt. Abubakar called on Nigerians to pray fervently for divine intervention in addressing current security challenges in Nigeria. Also, the Emir of Yauri, Dr Zayyanu Abdullahi, represented by Alhaji Kasimu Aliyu, stated that the event came at a better time as Nigeria explores options to end the recurring security challenges. The Chairman of the occasion and Emir Argungu, Alhaji Samaila Mera said that the event would contribute to the search for sustainable peace and unity in the country. Vice Chancellor of the university, Prof. Lawal Bilbis explained that the competition was meant to use poetry to drum support for peace and unity in the North and Nigeria as a whole. Bilbis added that it was part of the university’s contributions to reawakening Nigerians to jointly work towards tackling the security challenges. According to him, the second phase of the competition will be in Fulfulde. “We want to use poetry to change the mindsets of Nigerians on peace, unity and security,” he added. The Guest Speaker, Dr Aliyu Tilde, challenged Hausa poets to come up with inspirational songs that would encourage Nigerians to join government in stemming the tide of insecurity in the country. In his paper, Prof. Aliyu Bunza of the university’s Faculty of Nigerian Languages, called for upward review of the salaries of security personnel and their retirement benefits. He also called for special welfare packages for families of deceased officers. It was reported that Malam Bello Shehu-Alkanchi emerged the overall winner out of over 40 people who took part in the competition.