The Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI) has urged 72 newly inducted members to uphold its high ethical standards, innovation, integrity and good corporate governance in business practice.  Mrs Toki Mabogunje, LCCI’s President, gave the advice at an online induction ceremony on Friday. Mabogunje said that inductees should be committed to global best practices and responsible corporate citizenships in line with the chamber’s code of business ethics, which they had subscribed to. “As business owners and managers, though our primary obligation is to maximise profit, I urge you to pay adequate attention to the integrity of your business transactions, practices, environment and social sustainability. “The Lagos Chamber is resolute in its commitment to provide quality services to help businesses achieve their full potentials. “It is therefore expedient for us to position our organisations to benefit optimally from the initiatives and programmes of the chamber. “I am confident that your active participation in the activities of the Chamber will be of tremendous benefit to your enterprise,” she said. In her remarks, Mrs Mojisola Bakare, Chairman, LCCI Membership and Welfare Committee, said the membership, if taken seriously, would have positive impact on firms’ business endeavours. Bakare listed the benefits of the chamber’s membership to include access to useful and accurate business information, essential for business planning and strategy, credibility and trust in international business circles towards collaboration. Others, she said were the chamber’s intervention on organisation’s behalf, organisation‘s brand visibility and access to robust chamber business advisory services. She reiterated the chamber’s commitment to stimulating key economic indices to become impacted upon economic growth, stable prices, employment generation and balance of payments equilibrium. “You must, however, place a high premium on your membership status and take it very seriously so as to be positioned to appropriate as much benefit as possible to all of your organisations,” she said.