Gov. Bala Mohammed of Bauchi State, has urged Islamic clerics to use the good teachings of Islam to inculcate discipline and good moral values in the youths to promote peace in the country.  Mohammed gave the charge at the closing ceremony of the 2021 Bauchi State 35th Edition of Qur’anic Recitation Competition, on Friday in Bauchi. The governor, represented by his deputy, Alhaji Baba Tela said the call was imperative in view of the prevailing security challenges in the country. He said the security challenges facing the country could be attributed to misconceptions of the true teachings of Islam and distorted methods of imparting knowledge on the youths. “The importance of reading and memorisation of the Holy Qur’an in the lives of Muslim especially the youths can not be overemphasised. “This is in consideration of the role religion plays in shaping human behaviour and establishment of a cohesive, just and peaceful society. “We are all living witness to the series of prevailing crisis around the country most of which are largely attributable to misconceptions of the teachings of the religion of Islam as well as distorted method of imparting knowledge on our youths. “It is against this background that I call on clerics, parents, community leaders and other stakeholders to ensure compliance with the methods and ways our noble Prophet Muhammad and his companions to impart moral values and uprightness in the minds of youths. “It is worth noting that moral education and societal generation are the collective responsibility of not only the government but the entire society,” he said. Mohammed also tasked community and religious leaders to initiate programmes to promote moral values and address social vices in the state. He described the Quranic recitation competition as timely, adding that the virtues of learning and teachings of the Holy Qur’an would prepare the youths mentally and spiritually as future leaders. The governor, therefore, congratulated the winners, members of the organising committee, the state’s Ministry of Religious Affairs and other stakeholders for the successful conduct of the competition. In a remark, Malam Mustapha Ilelah, Chairman, Bauchi State Qur’anic Recitation Competition Committee, lauded the governor for his support to the competition. Illeha said many candidates drawn from the 20 local government areas of the state participated in various categories of the competition including Qur’an recitation and Tafsir (translation and commentary). He admonished the youths to emulate the winners and pay more attention to learning the Qur’an. It was reported that Bello Idris from Zaki LGA emerged the overall winner of the Qur’anic recitation competition for the male category, while Aishatu Danjuma from Tafawa Balewa LGA won the female category. Also, Abdulssamad Musa from Dass LGA and Layuza Salihu from Bauchi emerged winners for the Tafsir and Quranic Recitation contest for male and female categories, respectively. The winners were awarded prestigious prizes including cars, motorcycles, washing machines and deep freezers among others. In their seperate remarks, Musa and Salihu expressed happiness over their victories, saying the competition had availed them opportunity to be exposed and learn more.