The Shell Nigeria Exploration and Production Company limited (SNEPCo), the National Petroleum Investment Management Services ( NAPIMS), Total Energies and Nigerian Agip Exploration Ltd. have donated a new lounge to boost operations at the Ikoyi Passport office of the Nigerian Immigration Service (NIS).  The Controller–General of Immigration Service (CGIS), Mr Mohammed Babandede, said at the inauguration of the lounge tagged “Longroom” in Lagos on Wednesday that the facility would provide Nigerians seeking to obtain International Passports a very pleasant environment. It was reported that the “Longroom” is a newly built hall with modern equipment to boost operations in the Ikoyi Passport Office. The CG said the service was determined to be the topmost Immigration Service Provider globally. Babandede said that the service would continue to embrace such Corporate Social Responsibilities (CSR) in order to enhance NIS service delivery to the public. “I want to specially thank SNEPCo, NAPIMS, Esso Exploration and Production Company, Total Energies and Nigerian Agip Exploration Ltd., and their guarantor, Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) for beautifying Ikoyi Passport Office in Lagos with  this “Longroom” project. “However, I appealed to the new Passport Control Officer (PCO) of Ikoyi Passport Office, Mr Ibrahim Liman, to make judicious use of the new lounge. “The lounge must always be maintained and maximised,” the NIS CG said. He added that NIS was determined to fight corruption within its system. “As a matter of fact, the code of conduct for the service will be released in July. “Any officer caught collecting bribe will be relieved of his or her duty post,” he said. He enjoined Nigerians seeking to obtain International Passports with a view to travelling outside the country to follow due. “This due process is that applicants must apply online through the NIS website. “No Nigerian must pay cash to get International Passport. “This service has built plans that will eliminate the touts marauding themselves as passport legalised agents,” he said. He confirmed that International Passports would be ready for collection three weeks after application. He also said that the service had establish a special desk for Nigerians who needed emergency Passports, especially, those who needed urgent medical attention. Babandede appealed to Nigerians to start passport renewal process six months before their  Passports finally expired. The Managing Director of SNEPCo, Mr Bayo Ojulari, who spoke on behalf of the companies that donated the kingdom to NIS said that the companies were happy to be part of the success story of NIS. He said, “the Longroom is part of journey of care under a partnership between NNPC and SNEPCo with the full support of SNEPCo’s co venture partners. “This intervention is part of the companies wider Social Investment Portfolio aimed at improving quality service delivery and enhancing  millions of Nigerians seeking to meet various migration and travel documentation needs at Ikoyi Passport Office. “The Longroom will enhance queue management system technology. “The facility comprised six units of large screen televisions and fully installed satellite with six months subscription. “Others are 14 units of air-conditioning systems comprising two standing units among others,” he said. Ojulari said that the companies would continue to support NIS to enable it meet its obligations to Nigerians.