The Lagos State Chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday inaugurated four peace and reconciliation committees to address grievances arising from the May 29 local government primary election.  The APC Caretaker Chairman, Alhaji Tunde Balogun, who inaugurated the committees at APC Secretariat in Lagos, urged them to pacify all aggrieved party members and stakeholders. Balogun said that the committees, spread across the three senatorial districts of the state, comprised men and women of patience, experience and wisdom to make things better for the party. He said that the constitution of the committees was to engender cohesion, peace and unity in the party ahead of the forthcoming July 24 council poll. Balogun said it was also to ensure that APC continued to rule the state. According to him, the committees are to meet with party leaders, aspirants, members and other relevant stakeholders in the state. They are to address all issues arising from the party primaries to ensure seamless campaigns and victory for the party. He said that the Lagos West Senatorial District 1 committee had a former deputy governor, Prince Abiodun Ogunleye as chairman while Chief Sunny Ajose was to serve as the deputy chairman. Balogun said that other members of the committee were Messrs Lekan Ogunbanwo, Sunny Adeeko, Segun Agbaje, Wale Raji, Tunde Isiaq and Bayo Erikitola. The caretaker chairman said that the Lagos West Senatorial District 2 committee had Sen. Anthony Adefuye as chairman and Asipa Kaoli Olusanya as his deputy chairman. According to him, members are Messrs Kolade Alabi, Jimi Benson, Tayo Orekoya, Wole Diya and Chief Wale Mogaji. Balogun said that the Lagos East Senatorial District committee had Prince Tajudeen Olusi as chairman and Chief Hakeem Bamgbala as the deputy. He said that other members were Mr Wahab Alawiye-King, Chief Abayomi Daramola, Ms Omolara Vaughan, Mr Jude Adams, Mr Ademola Shabi and Mr Wale Oshun. According to him, the Lagos Central Senatorial District committee has Prince Rabiu Oluwa as chairman and Chief Funsho Ologunde as the deputy chairman. He said that other members of the committee were Mr Kamal Bayewu, Chief Moshood Salvador, Mr Cornelius Ojelabi, Mr Hodewu Suru Avoseh, Mr Dotun Adegbola and Mr Sunday Kappo. Balogun said that all members of the state APC Caretaker Committee and APC Senatorial District Vice Chairmen were automatic members, who would serve in the committees in their areas of jurisdiction. The caretaker chairman listed the terms of reference of the committee to include identifying causes of dissension, chaos and disarray in various councils after the primaries. According to him, the committees are to receive recommendations from aspirants, leaders, and party members on how to resolve whatever imbroglio exists in the local governments. “The committees are to find workable solutions and lasting cohesion in their areas of the assignment and make appropriate recommendations to the party about subsequent or future electoral activities or arrangements. “The committees must identify, moving forward, how lasting peace and reconciliation can be engendered prelude to and after primary elections in the party. “The committees should advise all tendencies on strategy/approach to a hitch free and seamless campaign and victory at the polls. “The committees are to highlight further areas of intervention by the state chapter of the party, owing to developments emanating from the committees’ assignment,” the APC chief said. The caretaker chairman, however, said that no committee had the power to alter any of the results of the primaries. According to him, the Lagos West Senatorial District I committee will sit at Ikeja LG Secretariat while the Lagos West Senatorial District II committee will sit at Ojo LG Secretariat to receive all complaints. He said that Lagos East Senatorial District committee would sit at Kosofe LG Secretariat while the Lagos Central Senatorial District committee would meet at City Hall. Speaking on behalf of the committees, Ogunleye said,”the committees accept the job that you are giving us. “We know that we have a lot of responsibilities to achieve the task; we pledge our commitment.”