The Lagos State University Teaching Hospital (LASUTH) says it will soon inaugurate its Endoscopy suit and an Oxygen Plant to enhance sufficiency and save more patients.  The LASUTH Chief Medical Director, Prof. Adetokunbo Fabamwo, made this known at a media briefing on Thursday in Lagos. Fabamwo said that both projects to be activated in August, would be a Public-Private Partnership (PPP) venture. He said that the Endoscopy suit would have eight renal dialysis units, a cardiac catheterisation laboratory and private rooms to cater for the patients. Cardiac catheterisation laboratory is a special hospital room where a doctor performs minimally invasive tests and procedures to diagnose and treat cardiovascular diseases. Fabamwo said that LASUTH would be the first public health facility and the third hospital to have a cardiac catheterisation unit in Lagos. According to him, some patients died because they did not get immediate intervention, adding that some died from pulmonary embolism, heart attack and hemorrhagic stroke. He said that the three conditions were major cause of sudden deaths among the populace. “Pulmonary embolism is when one or more arteries in the lung becomes blocked by blood clot, usually such a patient has short time to survive. “We have interventional cardiologists who can conduct procedures to remove the clot in a pulmonary embolism patients and even, a myocardial infarction patients. “Even, before setting up this our laboratory, our interventional cardiologists have been performing these heroic act in the past, though, it was under a less than ideal condition. “Having these laboratory would save more lives and make life easier for all involved,” the chief medical director said. On the Oxygen plant, Fabamwo said that it would produce 200 bottles of Oxygen daily, while the hospital requires 70 bottles daily for its usage. According to him, the excess Oxygen will be sold by the PPP company to generate fund. He said the hospital spent about eight million naira monthly in providing Oxygen for its patients, noting that the plant would assist to reduce the hospital’s expenditure. Fabamwo that a 200-bed building would be inaugurated in September at LASUTH to ameliorate accommodation challenges being faced by the patients. He said complaints of inadequate bed space by patients would soon end, adding that the hospital was responsive to complaints and working on finding lasting solutions to challenges facing it. Fabamwo added that PPP was the best option to improve operational efficiency, innovation, equipment and development in the tertiary hospital, adding that public resources was constrained. He said that the hospital requires partnership in acquiring equipment for advanced eye laser surgery, radiotherapy and cancer care, urging investors to assist toward realising its goal of providing quality healthcare services. Also, Dr Adebowale Adekoya, Director, Clinical Services and Training, LASUTH, said that the hospital embarked on various projects to ensure affordable and accessible healthcare for the populace.