The Overseer of Four Square Gospel Church, Wuse District, Rev. Idowu Babatunde says money is not a major factor that guarantees the success and sustainability of marriage. Babatunde said this on Sunday in Abuja in a sermon to mark the 25th wedding anniversary and 60th birthday of Pastor Dickson Ailemen, a Retired Deputy Comptroller of the Nigerian Correctional Service. Ailemen is also the Kuje Zonal Superintendent, Four Square Gospel Church. Babatunde, in the sermon entitled “The Blessings of Trusting in God”, said marriage was the first institution created by God and so, had been under attack by the devil. He said Bill Gate and his wife would not have divorced after 27 years of marriage if money could guarantee successful and long lasting marriage. According to him, that is why the church consistently talks about the home and the family because if everything goes well in the home and the family, it will be well with the church, society and nation. He said the attitude of anyone that would want to appreciate God for his goodness was to wait patiently on the Lord, adding that staying together peacefully in marriage for 25 years was by God’s grace. According to the cleric, the bandits, kidnappers and other criminal elements terrorising the country are from homes. “We live in a world today where everybody is in a hurry to make money and achievements but may I let you know that it is the blessings of God that maketh rich and does not add sorrow. “So wait on God, He has plans for everyone because he is our creator. There is no need to be in hurry beyond God and at the end begin to do things we are not supposed to do. “If we all understand that God has plans for our lives and cares for us, we will wait patiently and will not be so much in a hurry,” he said. Babatunde said the attainment of 60 years of age was by God’s grace considering the economic and security challenges facing the world. He congratulated the celebrator for being able to scale through the hurdles in the civil service and marking his retirement in good health. “The truth of the matter is that every profession has its hazards and when God keeps you to attain retirement, it is a thing to appreciate God according to the Psalmist in the bible. “When you are not consumed by the hazard you find in your profession and you get to the point of retirement, we should be able to give thanks to God,” he added. In his remark, Ailemen said the surest way to make an impact in any career was to have a good relationship with people. He expressed joy with the crowd that turned out for the celebration, adding that it was an indication of fulfilment in his service to the Federal Government. Ailemen called on those in active service to learn to be dedicated and honest, adding that it was only God that rewards good deeds. The cleric pledged to be more available and dedicated to the service of God at retirement.