Vice-Chancellor of the University of Calabar, Prof. Florence Obi, has given assurance of attracting more infrastructure to the institution to cushion the challenge of office spaces for lecturers and students’ lecture halls.  Obi gave the assurance when the Faculty of Education organised a reception in her honour to congratulate her on her appointment as the first lecturer from the Faculty of Education to be appointed a VC. She said her administration would prioritise infrastructural development, academic excellence and research. She said that the Faculty of Education, which is her “mother faculty”, has produced scholars of great repute. “As the VC from the Faculty of Education, my administration would prioritise infrastructural development, research and academic excellence. “I want to assure the Faculty of Education that as VC, I will do my best to attract a building to the Faculty so that when I leave as VC, I will have where to return. “I want to urge this Faculty to always meet result deadline, we want our students to always graduate on time. Let the example start form this Faculty. “Let me also advise staff and lecturers of the Faculty of Education to shun animosity and forgive always,” she said. The VC, who thanked members of the Faculty for the reception, said she sees it as a challenge for her to strive for more service delivery. Earlier, Acting Dean of the Faculty, Prof. Cecilia Ekwueme, said that the Faculty has no doubt that Obi would showcase a difference in the University in terms of quality output, integrity in all dealings and academic excellence. She said that UNICAL was already experiencing a radical transformation in learning, human and infrastructural development within the period Obi took over as VC. According to her, within 100 days of Obi’s reign as VC, the long awaited dream of the Faculty to be split into three faculties was achieved. “The Faculty of Education is blessed to have you come on board at this period when it looked as if remnants in students admission and infrastructure are left for the faculty. “Prof Obi, your achievements during your tenure as Dean of the Faculty of Education remain visible to date. “I have no doubt that you will replicate a greater feat in your commitments to take UNICAL to the greatest height as already shown and expressed during your 100 days in office. “We know that you are fully aware of our setbacks in actualizing the quality service delivery that will meet your taste in the faculty. “We have serious accommodation problem that have hindered proper coordination of staff in the Faculty as our staff are scattered all over campus,” she said. She appealed to the VC to facilitate a building to the faculty with a view to help lecturers and officers of the Faculty to carry out their duties creditably. It was reported that Obi was a two term Dean of the Faculty before her appointment as the Deputy Vice Chancellor Academic. High point of the event was the presentation of gift items to the VC by members of the Faculty.