Flutterwave, Africa’s leading payments technology company, has partnered Amole, Ethiopia’s largest mobile digital wallet platform, to boost remittances.  Flutterwave’s Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Olugbenga Agboola, said this in a statement in Lagos on Friday. Agboola said the partnership would facilitate money transfer into Ethiopia through Amole, to Amole Wallet, bank accounts and cash pickup locations at over 2,500 locations across the country. He said the partnership would serve the Ethiopian economy by making diaspora remittances easier for over eight million members of the Ethiopian Diaspora that remit over $5 billion annually to Ethiopia. “We are delighted to be collaborating with Amole to enable digital remittances and cash pickup into Ethiopia. “This is another significant milestone for payments in Africa as we work together to bridge the financial inclusion gap in the country and across the continent. “Our collaboration will ensure that Ethiopian businesses are getting paid from all over the world, opening massive opportunities for business growth, a goal we are passionate about. “This is just the beginning, and we hope to deepen the discussions around our partnership to the benefits of Africans, everywhere,” he said. He noted that the collaboration would extend financial services to underserved communities, by facilitating remittances from diaspora Ethiopians, hence expanding business opportunities for small and growing businesses in these communities. The statement also quoted Asfaw Alemu, the Chief Executive Officer of Dashen Bank, as saying that the partnership would deliver crucial foreign exchange. “We are happy to partner Flutterwave in delivering crucial foreign exchange that will support both our customers and Ethiopia. “This partnership will play an important role in delivering even more value to our diaspora community, linking them to their country with more opportunities for global e-Commerce in the near future,” Alemu said. Flutterwave is a payments technology company that helps businesses all over the world expand their operations in Africa and other emerging markets, through a platform that enables cross-border transactions. Flutterwave has processed over 140 million transactions worth over $9 billion to date and serves more than 290,000 businesses including customers like Uber, Flywire, Booking.com, among others.