Nigeria’s Minister of State for Health, Dr Adeleke Mamora, on Friday inaugurated four blocks and buildings at the Federal Neuro-Psychiatric Hospital, Oshodi annex, to enhance mental healthcare service delivery.  Speaking at the inauguration, Mamora said that the projects were commendable and would add value to healthcare service delivery in the country. He said that the facility, which was one of the ancient hospitals in the country, had grown to become modern psychiatric hospital, being established on Oct. 31, 1907. He reiterated commitment of the Federal Government toward improving healthcare delivery, saying that the government would continue to collaborate with stakeholders to standardise health system for overall welfare of the citizens. The minister commended the management of the hospital for the laudable projects and tasked them on adequate maintenance of the projects to enable them serve for long time. “I must commend the entire management and the Board of this hospital for ensuring and sustaining peaceful atmosphere within the hospital because there has not been any serious industrial crisis therein. “I urge you to keep the flag flying to enable you take the hospital to a greater height and record higher achievements in future because there is no meaningful development that can take place in the atmosphere of crisis. “Maintenance is key to sustainability of infrastructural facilities. As a result, cultivate maintenance culture. “This is by ensuring proper maintenance of the commission projects to enable them serve for long. Do not wait for the roof and ceiling to fall out before thinking of replacement,” Mamora advised. He, however, said that the battle against COVID-19 pandemic was not yet over as the disease was still very much around in the country. The minister urged the public to continue strict adherence to safety measures. Dr Oluwayemi Ogun, the Medical Director of the hospital, appreciated the Federal Government for its commitment to development of mental healthcare service delivery through sponsorship of projects of this kind. Ogun said the projects would go a long way to enhance mental healthcare delivery not only in Lagos State but also for the entire country. The medical director said that the facility would also help to create more awareness about mental healthcare in Nigeria. She said that the four projects and buildings commissioned included Out-patients clinic, Molecular Laboratory, Students Hostels, Federal School of Occupational Therapy and Intensive Care Unit (ICU)/Isolation Ward. “We appreciate the government for making the projects a success and we look forward to further support for more of these kinds in the future,” she said. Also, Dr Babajide Bello, Board Chairman, Federal Neuro-Psychiatric Hospital Yaba, said that sound facilities were key to effective healthcare delivery and retaining of health practitioners. Bello said that dilapidation of health facilities and lack of availability of needed equipment in the healthcare system contributed to the exodus of many healthcare practitioners to other countries in search of better working environment. He assured commitment of the hospital to ensuring proper maintenance of the commissioned projects.