The CREAM platform, initiated  led by music star, Oladapo Oyebanjo, popularly known as D’banj, has rewarded two winners of its monthly draw.  It was reported CREAM stands for Creative, Reality, Entertainment, Arts and Music, The winners are for the month of April. A 16-year-old budding artiste, Berry Tiger, won sponsorship, management and music video deals worth N10 million while Clara Arden, a visual artist won N1 million in cash. The CREAM platform, a brainchild of D’banj and sponsored by Heritage Bank, is a creative hub for Africa where talents in the creative industry could  be discovered and provided with technical and financial supports. D’banj said at the event that the creative industry, if properly harnessed, had the potential to reduce unemployment and boost wealth creation. “I will say this: one artiste being successful, gives job opportunities to over a thousand people, because for you to become a successful artiste, you have to have the right manager. “You have to have the right people for you whether as personal assistants, band members or even a DJ. “For one artiste to stand out, he/she probably has lots of people who are working for him/her. “The creative industry is definitely the right place to go in terms of eradicating employment,” he said. According to D’banj, the platform is a creative hub for Africa which caters for artistes. “CREAM was created to give back to society. It is a gateway designed from the creative industry to the participants from the comfort of their zones. “There is no actual platform catering for a pool of artistes where you can go, if you need marketing, support. “CREAM was made like LinkedIn or Facebook where you can get direct access to artistes,” he said. Mr Femi Ibidapo, Group Head, Corporate Communications, Heritage Bank, said: “In Heritage Bank, we try to look for partnerships that we can leverage. “Being in partnership with the CREAM platform is big. “The whole idea is to find roots where individuals can come in and register through the USSD code which allows you to be part of the monthly draws. “It also allows an individual, upon registration, to an array of opportunities,” he said. Berry Tiger, one of the winners, applauded the organisers for the opportunity which, he said, would encourage upcoming artistes. “Words can’t express how happy I am for emerging a winner amongst so many talented people. “I promise that I will not take this opportunity for granted. “Thanks to D’banj and Heritage Bank for giving people a platform to showcase their talents.” It was reported that previous beneficiaries of the initiative include Slimcase, Mr Real and TK Swag.