As Muslim faithful across the world celebrate Eid-el-fitr, the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), has underscored the need for love and sacrifice for peace and security in the country.  The NLC President, Mr Ayuba Wabba, made this known in his message to felicitate and congratulate the Nigerian Muslim community on the 2021 Eid-el-fitr on Wednesday in Abuja. He said that the 2021 Eid-el-fitr took place at a time the country was faced with different challenges with very grievous consequences on Nigerian workers. “At the recent 2nd NLC National Summit on Peace and Security, Nigerians from all walks of life and professional calling were unanimous in their assessment of the security crisis in Nigeria. ”They said that something drastic must be done to stem this evil tide before it consumes all of us,” he said. According to him, NLC takes faith in the prayers of the Muslim Ummah during this Ramadan that the siege of insecurity in Nigeria will be a thing of the past very soon. ”Eid-al-fitr speaks of love and sacrifice. We must be prepared to make the needed sacrifice for the country. ”We must hear something, see something, say something and do something with every sense of love and patriotism to reclaim our dear motherland from the cataclysmic periphery that the enemies of Nigeria want us to fall headlong into,” he said. He, therefore, commended Armed Forces, police, para-military agencies and the intelligence community for their sacrifices, courage and commitments in the fight against terrorism and other forms of violent crimes. He noted that many of them had paid the supreme price in this fight and prayed for the repose souls of the faithful departed and that God should grant comfort to the families of the slain security operatives. Wabba also urged security operatives not to relent in the fight against all forms of violent crimes. He added that, to whom much is committed, much is also expected! “As we canvassed during the recently held National Summit on Peace and Security, we urge the Federal Government to take the crisis of insecurity in the country more seriously. “We call for serious oversight over security votes and appropriations in Nigeria. “A good fight against insecurity must be founded on accountability given the need to mobilize public confidence, goodwill and commitment in breaking the backbone of those bent on imposing a state of anarchy on Nigeria. “We call on the government to prioritize human and social security as the fulcrum of sustainable peace and progress,” Wabba said. He, however, called on state governors yet to pay the National Minimum Wage and governors sacking and retrenching workers to stop constructing the ecosystem for insecurity and instability. According to him, enough is enough! In the same vein, we reject and condemn recent statements on plans to slash workers’ salaries. “That would be antithetical to the spirit of Eid-al-fitr. At this time, Nigerian workers deserve and demand an increase in salaries,” he said. Wabba, while speaking on the Eid-al-fitr celebration, said that the occasion was one of the most important events in the life of a Muslim as it exemplifies the noblest virtues taught by Islam. He noted that Eid-al-fitr embodies the virtues of denial, dedication, discipline, diligence, love, sharing and to assess standing with Allah and with fellow humans. ”Once again, we extend our best wishes for a fulfilling Eid-el-fitr to the Muslim Ummah, Nigerian workers and the good people of Nigeria. ”May Allah’s blessings be multiplied on us and may our supplications during this holy month of Ramadan bring an end to the siege of insecurity, violence and chaos in Nigeria. ”May the days and years ahead of us produce better outcomes for Nigerian workers and people,” he added.