The Nigerian Tourism Development Corporation (NTDC) plans to partner with Google Arts and Culture on a project tagged ‘Eko for Show’, to showcase what makes Lagos a centre for creativity.  The Director-General of the corporation, Mr Folorunsho Coker, made this known to our reporter in Abuja on Monday. He said that the partnership was geared toward expanding NTDC’s relationship with Google Arts and Culture as well as commitment to Nigeria’s youth and emerging talents. He said that the partnership was another way of celebrating Lagos and its creative communities. According to him, it is also an avenue to explore Lagos creative communities on Google Arts and Culture in five different ways and Lagos being one of Africa’s fastest-growing cities. He noted that Lagos’ diverse creative scene was taking the world by storm. Coker explained that with over 25 million people, the city’s creative scene was fueled by a young generation of talented individuals and communities spanning music, art, photography, fashion, theatre, literature and food. The director-general underscored the commitment of his corporation to fueling Nigeria’s economy by supporting creativity, youth and entrepreneurs. “Since 2020, we have collaborated with Google Arts and Culture on a programme to shine light on Nigeria’s rich and diverse cultural heritage, spectacular nature, bustling cities and our welcoming spirit. “Our partnership plays a crucial part in achieving our mission of accelerating growth of domestic tourism and fostering economic development in Nigeria. “It is with great pleasure to announce ‘Eko for Show’, an expansion of our partnership with Google Arts and Culture as well as commitment to Nigeria’s youth and emerging talents,” he said. According to him, the project focuses on creativity stemming from the city of Lagos and expands through our people worldwide. “Eko for Show is collaboration between seven cultural institutions offering everyone a glimpse into what makes Lagos an epicentre for creativity. “Join me in celebrating Lagos by exploring more than 8,000 photographs, 80 online stories, three street view experiences, 175 videos and virtually meet the city’s music makers, visual artists, trendsetters, foodies and storytellers,” Coker said. He said the show would also provide opportunity to meet with the city’s skateboarders and the talented female football players who were using sport to drive positive change.