Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State has called on residents to partner with his administration in order to enjoy good governance and dividends of democracy in the state.  Sanwo-Olu made the call on Wednesday at the 12th edition of the Lagos Architects Forum, organised by the Nigerian Institute of Architects, Lagos state chapter. He said that his administration had in the last two years delivered substantial parts of his campaign promises with laudable achievements. According to him, the achievements are in transportation, health, environment, education, technology, entertainment, tourism, security and governance as well as making Lagos, a 21st Century economy. The governor said that his administration was doing everything possible to ensure that Lagos remains safe and secure for all residents. On the theme, “The city of Lagos: The next 25 years” he said that his aspiration was for Lagos to stand toe-to-toe with other cities in the world. “I want to assure you that the picture for us is a picture of Greater Lagos. It is a picture of a Lagos that we want to remain in the comity of great cities. “It is Lagos that will not only be resilient but will be livable and improve the qualities of life for its citizens. ”We believe that it is only by ensuring modern ways of doing business that we will be able to constantly solve some of the problems we currently have. “You will agree with me that for us to achieve this ‘Greater Lagos’; we certainly cannot do it alone and that is why we are asking each and every one of you to join us in one form or the other. “Certainly, you can critique us but also give us ideas and thoughts, challenge us and give us innovative thought process where we can also better serve you going forward. “We are all partners in progress. It is just that we are on different sides of the coin but we all have the same objectives at ensuring that where we are, where we live and work is better than what it is today. “I strongly believe that it is possible and achievable, if all of us work in collaboration going forward. “I want to say to you without any fear or doubt that the 25 years I see ahead is 25 years of hope. It is 25 years of belief. It is 25 years that indeed Lagos will stand toe-to-toe with other cities in the world,” Sanwo-Olu said. Speaking at the event, the Oniru of Iruland, Oba Omogbolahan Lawal (Abisogun II), said that necessary measures should be put in place to make Lagos better for the inhabitants. Lawal said that this could be done by investing in public places to make it habitable for people to live, work and play. Meanwhile, Mrs Bukola Ejiwunmi, first female President of Nigerian Institute of Architects presented an award to the governor for his immense contributions to the state. Ejiwunmi commended Sanwo-Olu’s administration for quality leadership and delivery of good governance and dividends of democracy to the people. She said that the association would join hands with the governor to ensure that his dreams and aspirations for Lagos state were achieved.