Eko Electricity Distribution Company (EKEDC) says it has begun the execution of its capital projects for the 2021 business year for improved service delivery to its customers.  Mr Godwin Idemudia, General Manager, Corporate Communications, EKEDC, disclosed this in a statement in Lagos State on Monday. It was reported that the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC) recently approved the sum of N93.76 billion as the Distribution Companies Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) for 2021. Idemudia said the projects included the construction, reconstruction, rehabilitation, and maintenance of installations across its distribution network. He stated that the projects, once completed, would help the company to improve its network, increase reliability and quality of supply. According to him, it will allow flexibility for evacuation of additional power, address safety issues and relieve overloaded transformers and substations. Idemudia said some of the projects included the construction and rehabilitation of eight injection substations. He said: “The projects that fall under this category include the upgrade of Keffi substation, reactivation of NTDA injection substation, Ajah, upgrade of Ajah Local substation and construction of a new Surulere injection substation. “It also includes upgrade of Trade Fair injection substation, construction of Olugborogun injection substation, Lekki, replacement of failed power transformer at Agbara Injection substation, upgrade of Agungi station for higher capacity.” Idemudia noted that EKEDC was also projecting to procure 217 500KVA transformers which would be distributed across its 10 districts. “During the same period, the company has also committed to the construction of five new 33kv feeders that will cut across areas. Areas such as Surulere, Festac, Ojo and Lekki, while 24 33kv feeders at Ikoyi, Lekki, Ibeju, Elemoro, Eleko, Apapa, Orile, FESTAC and Agbara will be rehabilitated. “About five new 11kv feeders are expected to be deployed to Lekki, Ajah and Ojo to relieve overloaded feeders, while a total of 167 11kv feeder will be rehabilitated across our distribution network,” he said. Idemudia explained that the implementation of the projects was a demonstration of the company’s commitment to service excellence and fulfil its promise of reliable and consistent supply to its customers.