The Minister of Youth and Sports Development, Sunday Dare, says there is need for proper synergy between the private sector and government to enhance the development of sports in Nigeria.  Dare said this Thursday in Abuja at the opening ceremony of Geogojih Foundation’s training of over 100 children on how to play handball. It was reported that the event was organised in collaboration with the  Nigeria Handball Federation (NHF) at the Moshood Abiola National Stadium in Abuja. It was used as one of the activities to celebrate the 2021 Children’s Day. Dare, who was represented by John Joshua-Akanji, his Special Assistant on Media, noted that the event was in line with the agenda of the Federal Ministry of Youth and Sports Development. “This is a good initiative from the organisers, Geogojih Foundation, to train children in handball to celebrate and mark Children’s Day . “They (children) are the hope and future of this great country. We must groom them from the early age so that they can have the mindset necessary for the development of sports. “The ministry is wishing the children a happy celebration. They need to be encouraged from their early life so that they can be properly groomed for the future. Without these children, there is no future for this country,” he said. Sam Ocheho, the President of NHF, while speaking said he was happy to see kids playing handball. He pointed out that this gives a good assurance of keeping the game alive for the future. “I want to see children playing handball by the road whenever I’m travelling from Lagos to Abuja and then in Kogi I see children playing handball on the roadside like we always see them playing football,’’ the  NHF president said. Lami Ahmed, founder of the “Lift Up Care” Foundation (LUCAF), a non-governmental organisation (NGO), said sports help children to develop mentally. “Our organisation is 15 years now, and we are focusing on youth and sports. Sports  is one of the ways we use to bring youths together. “Sports increases their ability to reason. It is a way of development for children. “In this era of huge unemployment, training these children gives them an alternative of engagement when they grow up. “We decided to support sports, and handball especially because it is a game that is close to our hearts, while youths should be motivated and encouraged to play handball,’’ she said.