Gov. AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq of Kwara has charged the Transition Implementation Committee Chairmen (TIC) in the state to remain focused, committed and be accountable in discharging their responsibilities.  The governor gave the task at the maiden monthly meeting with the council chairmen from the 16 local government areas of the state in Ilorin on Tuesday. AbdulRazaq spoke through the Commissioner for Local Government, Chieftaincy Affairs and Community Development, Mr Saifudeen Aliyu. He said the meeting was convened to discuss critical issues that would impact positively on the development and wellbeing of the people of their respective areas. According to him, the chairmen, as chief accounting officers of their respective councils, are expected to observe and comply fully with the financial regulations governing the disbursement of funds. He emphasised that the dwindling revenue from the Federal Account Allocation Committee (FAAC) has had negative impact on the council operations. The governor however implored them to become innovative in revenue generation and block financial loopholes to boost their internally generated revenue to complement federal allocation. “The councils have to conduct their affairs in line with the service rules, but the ministry has its well thought-out cabinet responsibilities to advise where necessary for the smooth running of the government of the day in the state. “The ministry doors are wide open for possible consultations anytime the need arises while discharging your responsibilities,” he said. Responding on behalf if his colleagues, the Chairman of Ifelodun Local Government Council, who also doubles as the state ALGON Chairman, Mr Jide Asonibare, commended the governor for appointing them as TIC chairmen. While assuring that they will justify the confidence reposed in them, Asonibare lauded the commissioner’s positive disposition towards local government administration in the state. He assured that they would continue to give priority attention to the policies and programmes of government at the grassroots level. The ALGON boss charged the chairmen to remain committed, dedicated, accountable and transparent to the people in the discharge of their responsibilities. “You should be positive minded and allow your doors to be opened for constructive criticisms,” he urged.